Question:
E 
Wanted,  Someone  for a Kiss 
We’re  looking  for producers  to join us in the second  of London  100FM.  You’ll  
work  on the station’s  music  programmes.  Music  production  experience  in radio  is 
necessary,  along  with rich knowledge  of modern  dance  music.  Please  apply  (申请 ) in 
writing  to Producer  Vacancies,  Kiss 100. 
Father  Christmas  
We’re  looking  for a very special  person  preferably  over 40, to fill our Father  
Christmas  suit. 
Working  days:  Every  Saturday  from  November  24 to December  15 and every  
day from  December17  to December24  except  Sunday,  10:30 —16:00  
Excellent  pay. 
Please  contact  (联 系 ) the Enterprise  Shopping  Center,  Station  Parade,  
Eastbourne.  
Accountants  Assistant   
When  you join the them  in our Revenue  Administration  Unit,  you will be 
providing  assistance  within  all parts  of the Revenue  Division,  dealing  with post and 
other  general  duties.  If you are educated  to GCSE  grade  C level  we would  like to talk 
to you. This position  is equally  suitable  for a school  leaver  of for somebody  who has 
office  experience.  
Wealden  District  Council  
Software  Trainer   
If you are aged  24-45  and have  experience  in teaching  and training,  you could  be 
  the person  we are looking  for. You should  be good  at the computer  and have  some  
experience  in programme  writing.  You will be allowed  to make  our decision,  and to 
design  courses  as well as present  them.  Pay upwards  of ￡15,000  for the right  person.  
Please  apply  by sending  your CV (简历 ) to Mrs R. Oglivie,  Palmlace  Limited.  
72. Who  should  you get in touch  with if you hope  to work  in a radio  station?  
A. Producer  Vacancies,  Kiss 100.       B. Mrs R. Oglivie,  Palmlace  Limited.   
C. The Enterprise  Shopping  Centre .     D. Wealden  District  Council.  
73. We learn  from  the ads that the Enterprise  Shopping  Centre  needs  a person  who 
_____.  
A. is aged  between  24 and 40        B. may do some  training  work   
C. should  deal with general  duties       D. can work  for about  a month  
74. Which  position  is open  to recent  school  graduates?  
A. Producer,  London  Kiss.       B. Father  Christmas.    
C. Accountants  Assistant .       D. Software  Trainer . 
75. What  kind of person  would  probably  apply  to Palmlace  Limited?  
A. One with GCSE  grade  C level.      
B. One with some  office  experience.  
C. One having  good  computer  knowledge .    
D. One trained  in producing  music  programmes.  
　 

Answers:
['A', 'D', 'C', 'C']

Analysis:
72．A 细节理解题． 根据第一个广告中出现的关键词 London  100FM，可知这是
一个电台在招聘人才，根据 "Please  apply（申请） in writing  to Producer  Vacancies , 
Kiss 100."可知，想要在电台工作 ，需要联系 Producer  Vacancies ，Kiss 100．故选
A．
73．D 推理判断题．根据 "Working  days: Every  Saturday  from  November  24 to 
December  15 and every  day from  December  17 to December  24 except  Sunday , 
10:30﹣16:00"可知，帝国购物中心招聘扮演圣诞老人的工作时间是 23天加 7天，
大约一个月． 故选 D．
74．C 细节理解题． 根据第三个广告 Accountants  Assistan t中的 "This  position  is 
equally  suitable  for a school  leaver  of for somebody  who has office  experience ,"可知
，会计助理招聘刚毕业的学生， 故选 C．
75．C 细节理解题．根据最后一则广告第二句中的 "You  should  be good  at the 
computer" 可知，擅长计算机的人适合 Palmace  Limited，故选 C．
