Question:
D 
The meaning  of silence  varies  among  cultural  groups.  Silences  may be 
thoughtful,  or they may be empty  when  a person  has nothing  to say. A silence  in a 
conversation  may also show  stubbornness,  uneasiness,  or worry.  Silence  may be 
viewed  by some  cultural  groups  as extremely  uncomfortable;  therefore  attempts  may 
be made  to fill every  gap (间隙 ) with conversation.  Persons  in other  cultural  groups  
value  silence  and view  it as necessary  for understanding  a person’s  needs.   
Many  Native  Americans  value  silence  and feel it is a basic  part of 
communicating  among  people,  just as some  traditional  Chinese  and Thai persons  do. 
Therefore,  when  a person  from  one of these  cultures  is speaking  and suddenly  stops,  
what  maybe  implied  (暗示 ) is that the person  wants  the listener  to consider  what  has 
been  said before  continuing.  In these  cultures,  silence  is a call for reflection.  
Other  cultures  may use silence  in other  ways,  particularly  when  dealing  with 
conflicts  among  people  or in relationships  of people  with different  amounts  of power.  
For example,  Russian,  French,  and Spanish  persons  may use silence  to show  
agreement  between  parties  about  the topic  under  discussion.  However,  Mexicans  may 
use silence  when  instructions  are given  by a person  in authority  rather  than be rude to 
that person  by arguing  with him or her. In still another  use, persons  in Asian  cultures  
may view  silence  as a sign of respect,  particularly  to an elder  or a person  in authority.  
Nurses  and other  care-givers  need  to be aware  of the possible  meanings  of 
silence  when  they come  across  the personal  anxiety  their patients  may be 
experiencing.  Nurses  should  recognize  their own personal  and cultural  construction  of 
silence  so that a patient’s  silence  is not interrupted  too early  or allowed  to go on 
unnecessarily.  A nurse  who understands  the healing  (治愈 ) value  of silence  can use 
this understanding  to assist  in the care of patients  from  their own and from  other  
  cultures.  
32. What  does the author  say about  silence  in conversations?  
A. It implies  anger.              B. It promotes  friendship.  
C. It is culture-specific.           D. It is content-based.  
33. Which  of the following  people  might  regard  silence  as a call for careful  thought?  
A. The Chinese.     B. The French.     C. The Mexicans.    D. The Russians.  
34. What  does the author  advise  nurses  to do about  silence?  
A. Let it continue  as the patient  pleases.     B. Break  it while  treating  patients.  
C. Evaluate  its harm  to patients.         D. Make  use of its healing  effects.  
35. What  may be the best title for the text?  
A. Sound  and Silence               B. What  It Means  to Be Silent  
C. Silence  to Native  Americans       D. Speech  Is Silver;  Silence  Is Gold


Answers:
['C', 'A', 'D', 'B']

Analysis:
32．C．细节理解题．根据文章首段首句 "The  meaning  of silence  varies  among  
cultural  groups"可知，作者认为沉默是有文化特性的 ．根据后面的第四句 "Silence  
may be viewed  by some  cultural  groups  as extremely  uncomfortable" 以及第五句
"Persons  in other  cultural  groups  value  silence"也是很好的佐证； 故选 C．
33．A．细节理解题 ．根据第二段中 "what  may be implied  is that the person  wants  the 
  listener  to consider  what  has been  said before  continuing" 以及 "In these  cultures , 
silence  is a call for reflection ."可知中国人认为谈话时人们沉默是在思考 ．故选 A．
34．D．细书理解题．根据末段末句 "A nurse  who understands  the healing  value  of 
silence  can use this understanding  to assist  in the care of patients"可知，作者建议护
士要用沉默来冶疗病人． 故选 D．
35．B．标题归纳题 ．文章主要介绍了在不同文化背景下谈话期间沉默的不同含
义，由此判断 B选项可以概括文章内容． 故选 B．
