Question:
B 
EDGEWOOD  --- Every  morning  at Dixie  Heights  High  School , customers  pour 
into a special  experiment : the district ’s first coffee  shop  run mostly  by students  with 
special  learning  needs . 
    Well  before  classes  start, students  and teachers  order  Lattes , Cappuccinos  and 
Hot Chocolates . Then , during  the first period , teachers  call in orders  on their room  
phones , and students  make  deliveries . 
    By closing  time at 9:20 a.m., the shop  usually  sells 90 drinks . “Whoever  made  
the chi tea, Ms. Schatzman  says it was good ,” Christy  McKinley , a second  year 
student , announced  recently , after hanging  up with the teacher . 
    The shop  is called  the Dixie  PIT, which  stands  for Power  in Transition . Although  
some  of the students  are not disabled , many  are, and the PIT helps  them  prepare  for 
life after high school . 
    They  learn  not only how to run a coffee  shop  but also how to deal with their 
affairs . They  keep  a timecard  and receive  paychecks , which  they keep  in check  
registers . 
    Special -education  teachers  Kim Chevalier  and Sue Casey  introduced  the Dixie  
PIT from  a similar  program  at Kennesaw  Mountain  High  School  in Georgia . ADMISSION ：
Adult ￡4.90
Child ￡2.20
Family ￡12.00
(2 adults + up to 3 children)
      Not that it was easy. Chevalier ’s first problem  to overcome  was product -related . 
Should  schools  be selling  coffee ? What  about  sugar  content ? 
    Kenton  County  Food  Service  Director  Ginger  Gray  helped . She made  sure all the 
drinks , which  use non-fat milk, fell within  nutrition（营养） guidelines . 
    The whole  school  has joined  in to help. 
    Teachers  agreed  to give up their lounge（休息室） in the mornings . Art students  
painted  the name  of the shop  on the wall. Business  students  designed  the paychecks . 
The basketball  team  helped  pay for cups. 
59. What  is the text mainly  about？　   　 
A. A best-selling  coffee .             B. A special  educational  program . 
C. Government  support  for schools .   D. A new type of teacher -student  relationship . 
60. The Dixie  PIT program  was introduced  in order  to　   　. 
A. raise  money  for school  affairs        B. do some  research  on nutrition  
C. develop  students ’ practical  skills      D. supply  teachers  with drinks  
61. How  did Christy  McKinley  know  Ms. Schatzman ’s opinion  of the chi tea?　   　 
A. She met her in the shop .          B. She heard  her telling  others . 
C. She talked  to her on the phone .     D. She went  to her office  to deliver  the tea. 
62. We know  from  the text that Ginger  Gray　   　. 
A. manages  the Dixie  PIT program  in Kenton  County  
B. sees that the drinks  meet  health  standards  
C. teaches  at Dixie  Heights  High  School  
D. owns  the school ’s coffee  shop


Answers:
['B', 'C', 'C', 'B']

Analysis:
59．B  主旨大意题． 本篇文章讲的是在 Dixie  Heights  High  School，里面开了一
家咖啡店是由那些有特殊学习需要的学生来经营的一个实验试点 ．根据文章所讲
的，故选 B项．
60．C  推理判断题 ．根据文章的第五段和第六段 "Although  some  of the students  are 
not disabled , many  are, and the PIT helps  them  prepare  for life after high school ."和
"They  learn  not only how to run a coffee  shop  but also how to deal with their affairs . 
  They  keep  a timecard  and receive  paychecks , which  they keep  in check  registers ."可
知，这家咖啡店的开展主要是为了培养学生的实践能力， 故选 C项．
61．C  细节判断题．根据第四段中 "after  hanging  up with the teacher ."，"hang  up 
是挂断电话的意思 "，故选 C项．
62．B  推理判断题 ．根据文章倒数第二段中 "Kenton  County  Food  Service  Director  
Ginger  Gray  helped . She made  sure all the drinks , which  use non-fat milk, fell within  
nutrition  guidelines ."可知，饮品符合健康标准， 故选 B项．
