Question:
C 
Thousands  of people  living  in the Chinese  capital  will celebrate  the start of the 
Chinese  New  year by heading  for the ski resorts（滑雪场） . Never  mind  that 
Beijing ’s dry weather  seldom  produces  snow . It is cold enough  in winter  for snow  --- 
making  machines  to make  a covering  for the hills north  to the capital . And the rapid  
growth  of a pleasure  --- seeking  middle  class  has formed  the basis  for this new craze
（热潮） .  
Since  Beijing ’s first ski resort  was opened  ten years  ago, the sport  has enjoyed  
astonishing  increase . There  are now more  than a dozen  resorts . Clothes  markets  in the 
city have  added  bright  colored  ski suits to their winter  collections . Mr. Wei, a 
manager  of a newly -opened  ski resort  in Beijing , sees the growth  of an industry  that 
could  soon  lead Chinese  to head  for the ski resorts  of Europe . In recent  years  ski 
resorts  offering  natural  snow  have  opened  in China . But many  are in faraway  areas  of 
the country  and can’t really  match  the equipment  and services  of some  ski resorts  in 
Europe .  
Beijing ’s skiing  craze  is partly  a result  of the recent  increase  in private（私有的
） cars. This has led to the growth  of a leisure  industry  in the capital ’s suburbs（郊区
）, which  until the late-1990s  were  unreachable  to ordinary  people . According  to Mr.  
Wei, about  40% of the visitors  to his resort  come  in their own cars. The rest are bused  
in by schools , businesses  or government  offices .  
The problem  is making  money . Starting  ski resorts  requires  quite  a lot of money ;  
hiring  land from  the local  government , preparing  the hills, buying  snow  machines , 
making  sure there  are enough  water  and electricity  to run them , and buying  ski 
equipment  for hiring  out to customers .  
The ski resort  where  Mr. Wei works  cost nearly  $4m to set up. And as so often  in 
China  when  someone  comes  up with a good  idea, many  others  hash in and price  wars  
break  out. Beijing  now offers  some  of the cheapest  ski training  classes  in the world , 
though  with most  people  rather  new to the sport , expecting  a few more  doing  the same  
  job.  
50. What  does this text mainly  talk about？　   　 
A. Convenience  for skiers  brought  about  by private  cars.  
B. Skiing  as a new way of enjoying  one’s spare  time.  
C. Things  to be considered  when  starting  a ski resort .  
D. A sudden  increase  of ski training  classes  in Beijing .  
51. Why  are some  Chinese  likely  to go skiing  in Europe？　   　 
A. To visit more  ski areas .              B. To ski on natural  snow .  
C. For a large  collection  of ski suits.      D. For better  services  and equipment .  
52. The underlined  words  “leisure  industry ” in Paragraph  3 refer  to　   　 
A. transport  to ski resorts                
B. production  of family  cars 
C. business  of providing  spare  time enjoyments  
D part-time work  for people  living  in the suburbs  
53. What  is the main  problem  in running  a ski resort？　   　 
A. Difficulty  in hiring  land.            B. Lack  of business  experience .  
C. Price  wars  with other  ski resorts .      D. Shortage  of water  and electricity .


Answers:
['B', 'D', 'C', 'C']

Analysis:
51答案 B. 主旨大意题 . 本文围绕滑雪运动展开，讨论了滑雪场所的兴起、原因
和难题 . A，C项都只是文章涉及的某个方面 . D项与文章不符 . B项最具概括性 .
52答案 D. 细节理解题 . 从第二段 …that  could  soon  lead Chinese  to head  for the ski 
resorts  of Europe . 及后面两句可知，虽然中国也有自然雪场的滑雪服务商家，但
是其设备和服务都落后于欧洲的商家 . 故D项正确 .
53. 答案 C. 细节理解题 . 从倒数第二段可知 ，赚钱是个难题 ，因为："when  someone  
  comes  up with a good  idea，many  others  rush in and price  wars  break  out. "一旦有人
有了赚钱的主意，马上就会有许多人跟进，于是爆发价格战 . 故选择 C项.
54. 答案 C. 细节理解题 . 根据文章 "The  problem  is making  money"可知，如今滑
雪场面临的问题是资金问题 . 又从最后一段 "The  ski resort  where  Mr. Wei works  
cost nearly  $4m to set up. And as so often  in China  when  someone  comes  up with a 
good  idea，many  others  hash in and price  wars  break  out"可知，资金问题主要出现
在在行内争夺滑雪胜地这方面 . 故选 C.
