Question:
D 
Coolest  Hotels  in the World  
Ariau Amazon Towers  
The Ariau  Amazon  Towers  hotel  lets you sleep  in a tree house . Eight  towers  
make  up this hotel  that offers  over 300 rooms . If you really  want  to get into the spirit , 
book  the Tarzan  Suite which  is large  enough  for a big family . You’ll be thirty  feet up 
in the air and can travel  between  the towers  through  their wooden  walkways .  
Prices : starting  at $300  one night  for each person  for a regular  room  and going  
all the way up to $3000  for the Tarzan  Suite .  
For more  information , visit the website : http: //www .ariautowers .com  
The Ice Hotel  
Every  winter  in Jukkasjarvi , Sweden , a special  kind of hotel  called  the Ice Hotel  
  is built. Each  year, world -famous  artists  are invited  to design  and produce  works  of art 
from  the ice, many  of which  can be found  in the rooms . You’ll have  your choice  
between  hot or cold rooms  but you will be well advised  to stay at least one night  in a 
cold room  for a true experience .  
Prices : starting  at $318  one night  for each person  for either  a cold room  or a 
warm  one. For more  information , visit the website : http: //www .icehotel .com  
Propeller  Island  
Propeller  Island  City Lodge  is a very special  hotel  that was designed  by a 
German  artist  Each  room  provides  you with the possibility  of living  in a work  of art.  
Every  single  piece  of furniture  in the thirty  rooms  of the hotel  has been  hand -made  
and each room  is completely  different . You’ll be able to choose  a room  based  on your 
own personal  tastes .  
Prices : starting  at just $91 a night , and an additional （另外） person  for only 20 
extra  dollars . For more  information , visit the website :  
http: //www .propeller -island .com  
For information  about  other  cool hotels  in the world , visit the website :  
http: //www .bahamabeachclub .com  
54. What  it special  about  the Ariau  Amazon  Towers  hotel ? 　   　 
A. You can sleep  in tree houses .       B. You can choose  any of the towers .  
C. It is designed  for big families .      D. Every  room  has a walkway .  
55. For more  persons  spending  a night  in one of these  hotels , they have  to pay at least 
　   　. 
A. $111          B. $182       C. $600         D. $636 
56. Which  website  should  you visit if you want  to find out whether  there  exists  a hotel  
under  the sea? 　   　 
A. http: //www .icehotel .com            B. http: //www .ariautowers .com  
C. http: //www .propeller -island .com      D. htlp: //www .bahamabeachclub .com  
57. Which  hotel  would  invite  artists  to come  to work  every  year？　   　 
A. Propeller  Island City Lodge .         B. Ariau Amazon  Towers .  
C. The Ice Hotel .                    D. Bahama  Beach  Club .


Answers:
['A', 'A', 'D', 'C']

Analysis:
54. A 细节理解题 . 根据第一部分第一句 "The  Ariau  Amazon  Towers  hotel  lets you 
sleep  in a tree house . "可知，这家旅馆最大的特点就是房间设在了树里， 故选 A.
55. A 细节理解题 . 根据 Ariau Amazon Towers中的 "starting  at $300  one night  for 
each person  for a regular  room  and going  all the way up to $3000  for the Tarzan  Suite . 
"可知，价格在 300﹣3000美元之间 ；根据 The Ice Hotel中的 "starting  at $318  one 
night  for each person"可知最低 318美元 . 根据 Propeller  Island中的 "starting  at just 
$91 a night，and an additional （另外）person  for only 20 extra  dollars . "可知两个人
仅为 111美元，故选 A.
56. D 推理判断题 . 文章介绍的这三家旅馆都没有海底旅馆 . 根据文章最后的 "For 
information  about  other  cool hotels  in the world , visit the website：http://www . 
bahamabeachclub .com"可知，要找其它一些很酷的旅馆 ，需要登陆这个网站 http：
∥www .bahamabeachclub .com，故选 D.
57. C 细节理解题 . 根据 The Ice Hotel部分第一段第 2行的 "Each  year, 
world -famous  artists  are invited  to design  and produce  works  of art from  the ice，
many  of which  can be found  in the rooms . "可知，冰旅馆每年都会邀请世界著名的
艺术家来设计和制作冰制艺术作品， 故选 C.
