Question:
B 
The word  advertising  refers  to any kind of public  announcement  that brings  
products  and services  to the attention  of people . Throughout  history , advertising  has 
been  all effective  way to promote（促进） the trading  and selling  of goods . In the 
Middle  Ages , merchants  employed  “town  criers ” to read public  messages  aloud  to 
promote  their goods . When  printing  was invented  in the fifteenth  century , pages  of 
advertisements  （ads）could  be printed  easily  and were  either  hung  in public  places  
or put in books .  
By the end of the seventeenth  century , when  newspapers  were  beginning  to be 
read by more  people , printed  materials  became  all important  way to promote  products  
and services . The London  Gazette  was the first newspaper  to set aside  a place  just for 
advertising . This was so successful  that by the end of the century  several  companies  
started  businesses  for the purpose  of making  newspaper  ads for merchants . 
Advertising  spread  quickly  throughout  the eighteenth  century . Ad writers  were  
starting  to pay more  attention  to the design  of the ad text. Everything , from  clothes  to 
drinks , was promoted  with clever  methods  such as repetition  of the firm’s name  or 
product , words  organized  in eye-catching  patterns , the use of pretty  pictures  and 
expressions  easy to remember . 
  Near  the end of the nineteenth  century , companies  that were  devoted  to the 
production  of ads came  to be known  as “advertising  agencies （广告商） .” The 
agencies  developed  new ways  to get people  to think  of themselves  as members  of a 
group . Throughout  the twentieth  century , advertising  agencies  promoted  consumerism
（消费主义） as a way of life, spreading  the belief  that people  could  be happy  only if 
they bought  the “right” products . 
60. What  was advertising  like in the Middle  Ages ? 　   　 
A. Merchants  were  employed  to promote  products . 
B. Ad messages  were  shouted  out in public  places . 
C. Product  information  was included  in books . 
D. Ad signs  were  put up in towns . 
61. What  does the word  “This” in Paragraph  2 refer  to? 　   　 
A. Advertising  in newspapers .      B. Including  pictures  in ads. 
C. Selling  goods  in markets .       D. Working  with ad agencies . 
62. The l8th century  advertising  was special  in its　   　. 
A. growing  spending              B. printing  materials  
C. advertising  companies           D. attractive  designs  
63. Which  of the following  might  be the best title for the text? 　   　 
A. The Story  of Advertising  
B. The Value  of Advertising  Designs  
C. The Role  of Newspaper  Advertising  
D. The Development  of Printing  for Advertising


Answers:
['B', 'A', 'D', 'A']

Analysis:
60．B  细节理解题．根据第一段中的第三句话 "In the Middle  Ages , merchants  
employed  ‘town  criers ’ to read public  messages  aloud  to promote  their goods"可知：
在中世纪时，商人通过雇人叫卖向顾客推销商品， 故答案为 B．
61．A  词义猜测题．根据第二段中的第二句话 "The  London  Gazette  was the first 
newspaper  to set aside  a place  just for advertising" 可知：此处表示通过在报纸上登
广告的方式推销产品， 故答案选 A．
62．D  推理判断题．根据第三段的第二句 "Ad writers  were  starting  to pay more  
  attention  to the design  of the ad text."可知： 18世纪时广告商开始注重广告设计，
以新颖的设计来吸引顾客， 故答案选 D．
63．A  标题判断题 ．文章第一段的第一句话 "The  word  advertising  refers  to any kind 
of public  announcement  that brings  products  and services  to the attention  of people ."
引出广告的话题，下文按照时间顺序讲述广告的发展史， 故答案选 A．
