Question:
C 
While  small  may be beautiful,  tall is just plain  uncomfortable  it seems,  
particularly  when  it comes  to staying  in hotels  and eating  in restaurants.  
The Tall Persons  Club  Great  Britain  (TPCGB),  which  was formed  six months  
ago to campaign  for the needs  of the tall, has turned  its attention  to hotels  and 
restaurants.  Beds  that are too small,  shower  heads  that are too low, and restaurant  
tables  with hardly  any leg-room  all make  life difficult  for those  of above  average  
  height,  it says.  
But it is not just the extra-tall  whose  needs  are not being  met. The average  night  
of the population  has been  increasing  ye the standard  size of beds,  doorways,  and 
chairs  has remained  unchanged.  
“The  bedding  industry  says a bed should  be six inches  larger  than the person  
using  it, so even  a king-size  bed at 6′6″(6  feet and 6 inches)  is falling  short  for 25% of 
men,  while  the standard  6′3″ bed caters  for less than half of the male  population.”  said 
TPCGB  president  Phil Heinricy,  “seven-foot  beds would  work  fine.”  
Similarly,  restaurant  tables  can cause  no end of problems.  Small  tables,  which  
mean  the long-legged  have  to sit a foot or so away  from  them,  are enough  to make  tall 
customers  go elsewhere.  
Some  have  already  taken  note,  however.  At Queens  Moat  Houses′  Caledonian  
Hotel  in Edinburgh,  6′6″beds  are now put in as standard  after requests  for longer  beds 
from  taller  visitors,  particularly  Americans.  
64. What  is the purpose  of the TPCGB  campaign?  
A. To provide  better  services.             
B. To rebuild  hotels  and restaurants.  
C. To draw  public  attention  to the needs  of the tall.   
D. To attract  more  people  to become  its members.  
65. Which  of the following  might  be a bed of proper  length  according  to Phil 
Heinricy?  
A . 7′2″        B. 7′        C. 6′6″        D. 6′3″ 
66. What  may happen  to restaurants  with small  tables?  
A. They  may lose some  customers.                
B. They  may start businesses  elsewhere.  
C. They  have  to find easy chairs  to match  the tables.   
D. They  have  to provide  enough  space  for the long-legged.  
67. What  change  has already  been  made  in a hotel  in Edinburgh?  
A. Tall people  pay more  for larger  beds.      
B. 6′6″beds  have  taken  the place  of 6′3″beds.  
  C. Special  rooms  are kept for Americans.      
D. Guest  rooms  are standardized.


Answers:
['C', 'B', 'A', 'B']

Analysis:
64．C  细节理解题， 根据第二段 The Tall Persons  Club  Great  Britain（TPCGB
）, which  was formed  six months  ago to campaign  （发起运动）  for the needs  of the 
tall, has turned  its attention  to hotels  and restaurants ．可知 TPCGB竞选的目的是吸
  引人们关注高个子人们的需要， 故选 C．
65．B  细节理解题， 根据第四段 Said TPCGB  president  Phil Heinricy , “Seven -foot 
beds would  work  fine.”可知对于 Phil Heinricy来说七尺的床是合适的， 故选 B．
66．A  推理判断题， 根据第五段 Similarly , restaurant  tables  can cause  no end of 
problems . Small  tables , which  mean  the long-legged  have  to sit a foot or so away  
from  them , are enough  to make  tall customers  go elsewhere ．可推知有小桌子的餐馆
可能因为桌子太矮而会失去一些高个子的客人， 故选 A．
67．B  细节理解题， 根据最后一段 At Queens  Moat  Houses ’ Caledonian  Hotel  in 
Edinburgh , 6′6″beds  are now put in as standard  after requests  for longer  beds from  
taller  visitors , particularly  Americans ．可知在爱丁堡的一家酒店 6′6″英尺的床已经
代替了 6′3″英尺的床， 故选 B．
