Question:
A 
Since  1984 , Philadelphia  has been  cleaning  up its act. One by one, 
graffiti -covered  walls  are being  changed  into outdoor  art. So far, more  than 
1,800murals （壁画） have  been  painted . Philadelphia  now has more  murals  than any 
other  American  city. 
The walls  that were  once  ugly with graffiti（涂鸦） are now covered  with 
beautiful  pictures  of historical  heroes  and modern  art, thanks  to the Mural  Arts 
Program  （MAP）. Its work  makes  schools  and public  places  attractive , and its 
citizens  very proud . The program  began  as part of Philadelphia ’s Anti-Graffiti  
Network . Jane Golden  is the MAP ’s artistic  director . “When  people  ask me what  our 
program  is about ,” she says, “I answer  them  with one word : hope .” Each  year, the 
MAP  offers  youth  art programs  and workshops . Some  one-time graffiti  writers  even  
  help paint  MAP  murals . 
The MAP ’s work , says Golden , is all about  developing  a sense  of community （
社区） . When  a neighborhood  requests  a mural , the MAP  works  with the people  
there  to develop  a message . Some  messages  have  been  “Safe Streets ,” “Love  and 
Care ,” and “Peace  Walk .” 
The MAP  receives  up to 50 requests  for murals  each week . Last year, the 
workers  painted  140 murals . 
“The making  of a mural  enters  people ’s collective  memory  as an extraordinary , 
pleasant  moment  in neighborhood  history ” says Golden , who began  as a muralist  in 
Los Angeles . 
41. What  can be the best title for the text? 　   　 
A. Love , from  Graffiti  Writers  to Muralists .   
B. MAP , a New  Company  in Philadelphia . 
C. Jane, an Excellent  Mural  Artist . 
D. Hope , One Wall  at a Time . 
42. What  is the Mural  Arts Program  in Philadelphia  aimed  at? 　   　 
A. Helping  the young  find jobs.     B. Protecting  the neighborhood . 
C. Fighting  against  graffiti .         D. Attracting  more  visitors . 
43. How  does the MAP  decide  on the message  for a mural ? 　   　 
A. By having  discussions  with people  in the community . 
B. By seeking  advice  from  the city government . 
C. By learning  from  the young  graffiti  writers . 
D. By studying  the history  of the city. 
44. Which  of the following  words  best describes  the work  of the MAP ? 　   　 
A. Difficult .     B. Dangerous .     C. Experimental .     D. Successful .


Answers:
['D', 'C', 'A', 'D']

Analysis:
41．D　主旨大意题 ．根据第二段 Jane Golden的话 When  a neighborhood  requests  
a mural，the MAP  works  with the people  there  to develop  a message可知，当人们问
及该项目是关于什么的时候，她用一个词来概括， 即Hope，故选 D
42．C　推理判断题 ．根据第一 、二段 The walls  that were  once  ugly with graffiti  （
涂鸦）are now covered  with beautiful  pictures  of historical  heroes  and modern  art，昔
  日曾经被涂鸦的墙壁正被美丽的壁画所覆盖 ，以使社区更具魅力 ，因此对抗涂鸦
应是该项目的目的， 故选 C．
43．A　细节理解题． 根据第三段第二句 When  a neighborhood  requests  a mural，
the MAP  works  with the people  there  to develop  a message可知，当社区的居民请求
画一张壁画时，该项目的工作人员就和当地的人们一起工作来拟定出一个主题 ，
故选 A．
44．D　推理判断题 ．根据第一段及倒数第二段 So far，more  than 1,800murals  （
壁画）have  been  painted．Philadelphia  now has more  murals  than any other  American  
city可知，该项目很成功， 故选 D．
