Question:
A 
When  milk arrived  on the doorstep  
When  I was a boy growing  up in New  Jersey  in the 1960s,  we had a milkman  
delivering  milk to our doorstep.  His name  was Mr. Basille.  He wore  a white  cap and 
drove  a white  truck.  As a 5-year-old  boy, I couldn’t  take my eyes off the coin changer  
fixed  to his belt. He noticed  this one day during  a delivery  and gave  me a quarter  out 
of his coin changer.  
Of course,  he delivered  more  than milk.  There  was cheese,  eggs and so on. If we 
needed  to change  our order,  my mother  would  pen a note- --“Please  add a bottle  of 
buttermilk  next delivery”- --and place  it in the box along  with the empty  bottles.  And 
then,  the buttermilk  would  magically  appear.  
All of this was about  more  than convenience.  There  existed  a close  relationship  
between  families  and their milkmen.  Mr. Basille  even  had a key to out house,  for 
those  times  when  it was so cold outside  that we put the box indoors,  so that the milk 
wouldn’t  freeze.  And I remember  Mr. Basille  from  time to time taking  a break  at our 
kitchen  table,  having  a cup of tea and telling  stories  about  his delivery.  
There  is sadly  no home  milk delivery  today.  Big companies  allowed  the 
production  of cheaper  milk,  thus making  it difficult  for milkmen  to compete.  Besides,  
milk is for sale everywhere,  and it may just not have  been  practical  to have  a delivery  
service.  
Recently,  an old milk box in the countryside  I saw brought  back  my childhood  
memories.  I took it home  and planted  it on the back  porch(门廊 ). Every  so often  my 
son’s  friends  will ask what  it is. So I start telling  stories  of my boyhood,  and of the 
milkman  who brought  us friendship  along  with his milk.  
56. Mr. Basille  gave  the boy a quarter  out of his coin changer  _______.  
A. to show  his magical  power       B. to pay for the delivery     
  C. to satisfy  his curiosity           D. to please  his mother  
57. What  can be inferred  from  the fact that the milkman  had the key to the boy’s  
house?  
A. He wanted  to have  tea there.            B. He was a respectable  person.  
C. He was treated  as a family  member.      D. He was fully  trusted  by the family.  
58. Why  does home  milk delivery  no longer  exist?  
A. Nobody  wants  to be a milkman  now.     B. It has been  driven  out of the market.  
C. Its service  is getting  poor.              D. It is forbidden  by law. 
59. Why  did the author  bring  back  home  an old milk box?  
A. He missed  the good  old days.            B. He wanted  to tell interesting  stories.  
C. He missed  it for his milk bottles.         D. He planted  flowers  in it.


Answers:
['C', 'D', 'B', 'A']

Analysis:
56．C 细节推理题  根据第一段中 "I couldn't  take my eyes off…during  a delivery ."
由于一天在送货的时候他注意到 ：我目不转睛地看着固定在他皮带上的找零的硬
币夹．可知，是因为他看到了我的好奇，所以， 就拿出了一枚 25分的硬币送给
我．故选 C．
57．D 细节推理题  本题容易错选 C 他被当做家庭成员来对待，单从将家里钥
匙留给送奶工，并不能体现这一点．根据第三段的中心句 "There  existed  a close  
relationship  between  families  and their milkmen ."（每一家与他们的送奶工都保持
着良好的关系 ）以及将家里钥匙留给送奶工可推知 ，他们之间有着良好的信任关
系，故选 D．
58．B 细节推理题  根据第四段提到的两点：一、 "Big companies  allowed  the 
production  of cheaper  milk."大公司允许生产更便宜的牛奶．二、 "milk  is for sale 
everywhere" 牛奶到处都可以买到．所以送奶业就不再景气，失去了存在的意义 ．
故选 B．
59．A 细节推理题  本题考查了作者将牛奶箱带回家的原因 ．根据最后一段 "an old 
milk box in the countryside  I saw brought  back  my childhood  memories" 我在乡下看
见的一个旧牛奶箱勾起了我童年的回忆 ．并且在下文中提到经常给儿子的朋友讲
过去送奶工的故事，可见他对过去的怀念， 故选 A．
