Question:
B 
For those  who study  the development  of intelligence （智力）in the animal  world , 
self-awareness  is an important  measurement . An animal  that is aware（意识）of itself  
has a high level  of intelligence . 
  Awareness  can be tested  by studying  whether  the animal  recognizes  itself  in the 
mirror , that is, its own reflected  image（反射出的影像） . Many  animals  fail this 
exercise  bitterly , paying  very little attention  to the reflected  image . Only  humans , and 
some  intelligent  animals  like apes and dolphins , have  shown  to recognize  that the 
image  in the mirror  is of themselves . 
Now  another  animal  has joined  the club. In the Proceedings  of the National  
Academy  of Sciences , researchers  report  that an Asian  elephant  has passed  the mirror  
self-reflection  test. 
“We thought  that elephants  were  the next important  animal ,” said Dinana  Reiss  
of the Wildlife  Conservation  Society , an author  of the study  with Joshua  M. Plotnik  
and Fans  B.M. de Waal  of Emory  University . With  their large  brains , Reiss  said, 
elephants  “seemed  like cousins  to apes and dolphins .” 
The researchers  tested  Happy , Maxine  and Patty , three  elephants  at the Bronx  
Zoo. They  put an 8-foot-square  mirror  on a wall of the animals ’ play area（out of the 
sight  of zoo visitors）and recorded  what  happened  with cameras , including  one built 
in the mirror . 
The elephants  used their long noses  to find what  was behind  it, and to examine  
parts  of their bodies . 
Of the three , Happy  then passed  the test, in which  a clear  mark  was painted  on 
one side of her face. She could  tell the mark  was there  by looking  in the mirror , and 
she used the mirror  to touch  the mark  with her long nose. 
Diana  Reiss  said, “We knew  elephants  were  intelligent , but now we can talk 
about  their intelligence  in a better  way.” 
45. What  can mirror  tests tell us about  animals ? 　   　 
A. Whether  they have  large  brains . 
B. Whether  they have  self-awareness . 
C. Whether  they enjoy  outdoor  exercises . 
D. Whether  they enjoy  playing  with mirrors . 
46. Why  does the author  mention  apes and dolphins  in the text? 　   　 
A. They  are most  familiar  to readers . 
  B. They  are big favorites  with zoo visitors . 
C. They  are included  in the study  by Reiss . 
D. They  are already  known  to be intelligent . 
47. What  made  Happy  different  from  Maxine  and Patty ? 　   　 
A. She used her nose to search  behind  the mirror . 
B. She recognized  her own image  in the mirror . 
C. She painted  a mark  on her own face. 
D. She found  the hidden  camera .


Answers:
['B', 'D', 'B']

Analysis:
45：B细节题．由第二段第一句 "Awareness  can be tested  by studying  whether  the 
animal  recognizes  itself  in the mirror"可以通过研究动物是否能够认出镜中的自己
，既是自己反射出的影像来测试意识．  可知正确答案为 B．
46：D推断题．由第一段第一句 "For those  who study  the development  of 
intelligence  in the animal  world，self-awareness  is an important  measurement ."可知，
自我意识是衡量智力的一个重要标准．而第二段 "Only  humans  and some  
intelligent  animals  like apes and dolphins，have  been  shown  to recognize  that the 
image  in the mirror  is of themselves ."告诉我们只有大猩猩和海豚能像人类一样通
过镜像测试，所以他们是有较高智力的， 故正确答案为 D．
47：B细节题．由第七段第一句 "Of the three，Happy  then passed  the test，in which  
a clear  mark  was painted  on one side of her face．She could  tell the mark  was there  by 
looking  in the mirror，and she used the mirror  to touch  the mark  with her long nose."
可知  Happy  通过镜子看到自己脸上的图画，而  Maxine  和 Patty  没有，故正确
答案为 B．
