Question:
D 
Cassandra  Feeley  finds  it hard to manage  on her husband’s  income.  So this year 
she did something  more  than a hobby:  She planted  vegetables  in her yard.  For her fist 
garden,  Ms Feeley  has put in 15 tomato  plants,  and five rows  of a variety  of 
vegetables.  The family’s  old farm  house  has become  a chicken  house,  its residents  
arriving  next month.  Last year,  Ms. Rita Gartin  kept a small  garden.  This year she has 
made  it much  larger  because,  she said, “The  cost of everything  is going  up and I was 
looking  to lose a few pounds  too; so it’s a win-win  situation  all around.”  
They  are among  the growing  number  of Americans  who,  driven  by higher  living  
costs  and a falling  economy  (经济 ), have  taken  up vegetable  gardening  for the first 
time.  Others  have  increased  the size of their existing  gardens.  Seed  companies  and 
garden  shops  say no since  the 1970s  have  there  been  such an increase  in interest  in 
growing  food at home.  Now  many  gardens  across  the country  have  been  sold out for 
several  months.  In Austin,  Tex, some  of the gardens  have  a three-year  waiting  list. 
George  C. Ball Jr, owner  of a company,  said sales  of vegetable  seeds  and plants  
are up by 40%,  over last year,  double  the average  growth  of last five years.  Mr. Ball 
argues  that some  of the reasons  have  been  building  for the last few years.  The big one 
is striking  use in me cost on food like bread  and milk,  together  with the increases  in 
the price  of fruit and vegetables.  Food  prices  have  increase  of higher  oil price.  People  
are driving  less, taking  fewer  vacations,  so there  more  time to garden.  
68. What  does the word  “residents”  in Paragraph  1 probably  refer  to? 
A. chickens      B. tomatoes      C. gardens       D. people  
69. By saying  “a win-win situation  all around ”, Ms. Gartin  means  that　   　. 
A. she is happier  and her garden  bigger  
B. she may spend  less and lose weight  
C. she is selling  more  and buying  less 
D. she has grown  more  varieties  of vegetables  
  70. Why  is vegetable  gardening  becoming  increasingly  popular?  
A. More  Americans  are dong  it for fun.  B. The price  of oil is lower  than before.  
C. There’s  a growing  need  for fruits.   D. The cost of living  is on the rise. 
71. Which  of the following  might  be the best title for the text?  
A. Family  Food  Planning         B. Banking  on Gardening  
C. A Belt-tightening  Move        D. Gardening  as a Hobby


Answers:
['A', 'B', 'D', 'B']

Analysis:
68．A  词义猜测题 ，根据第一段 The family ’s old farm  house  has become  a chicken  
house , its residents  arriving  next month．这个家庭的老农舍已经变成了一个鸡屋 ，
它的居民下个月就要到达了，因此在里面居住的应该是小鸡， 故选 A．
69．B  细节理解题 ，根据第一段 The cost of everything  is going  up and I was looking  
to lose a few pounds , too; so it’s a win-win situation  all around．可知一切的成本都
在上升，而她也想减去几磅的体重 ，因此这是一个双赢的局面 ，说明她可能会发
  费的更少去减肥， 故选 B．
70．D  细节理解题 ，根据第二段 They  are among  the growing  number  of Americans  
who, driven  by higher  living  costs  and a falling  economy （经济） , have  taken  up 
vegetable  gardening  for the first time．可知蔬菜园艺变得越来越受欢迎是因为现在
的生活成本不断上升， 故选 D．
71．B  主旨大意题，通读全文可知本文主要讲述了人们如今由于生活成本不断
上升而对蔬菜园艺越来越感兴趣 ，现在人们花费更多的时间去花园种植蔬菜 ，节
省家庭开销， 故选 B．
