Question:
C 
About  twenty  of us had been  fortunate  enough  to receive  invitations  to a 
film-studio  (影棚 ) to take part in a crowd-scene.  Although  our “act” would  last only 
for a short  time,  we could  see quite  a number  of interesting  things.  
We all stood  at the far end of the studio  as workmen  prepared  the scene,  setting  
up trees  at the edge  of a winding  path.  Very  soon,  bright  lights  were  turned  on and the 
big movie-camera  was wheeled  into position.  The director  shouted  something  to the 
camera  operator  and then went  to speak  to the two famous  actors  nearby.  Since  it was 
hot in the studio,  it came  as a surprise  to us to see one of the actors  put on a heavy  
overcoat  and start walking  along  the path.  A big fan began  blowing  tiny white  
feathers  down  on him, and soon  the trees  were  covered  in “snow ”. Two more  fans 
were  turned  on, and a “strong  wind ” blew  through  the trees.  The picture  looked  so 
real that it made  us feel cold.  
The next scene  was a complete  contrast  (对比 ). The way it was filmed  was quite  
unusual.  Pictures  taken  on an island  in the Pacific  were  shown  on a glass  screen.  An 
actor  and actress  stood  in front  of the scene  so that they looked  as if they were  at the 
water ’s edge  on an island.  By a simple  trick like this, palm  trees,  sandy  beaches,  and 
blue,  clear  skies  had been  brought  into the studio!  
Since  it was our turn next,  we were  left wondering  what  scene  would  be prepared  
for us. For a full three  minutes  in our lives  we would  be experiencing  the excitement  
of being  film “Stars ”! 
64. Who  is the author?  
A. A cameraman.                B. A film director.  
  C. A crowd-scene  actor.          D. A workman  for scene  setting.  
65. What  made  the author  feel cold?  
A. The heavy  snowfall.          B. The man-made  scene.  
C. The low temperature.         D. The film being  shown.  
66. What  would  happen  in the “three  minutes ” mentioned,  in the last paragraph?  
A. A new scene  would  be filmed.       B. More  stars would  act in the film.  
C. The author  would  leave  the studio.   D. The next scene  would  be prepared.


Answers:
['C', 'B', 'A']

Analysis:
64．C    细节理解题．  根据第一段第一句 About  twenty  of us had been  fortunate  
enough  to receive  invitations  to a film-studio（影棚） to take part in a crowd -scene．
说明作者是群众演员， 故C正确．
65．B   细节理解题 ．根据第二段 5，6行A big fan began  blowing  tiny white  feathers  
down  on him, and soon  the trees  were  covered  in “snow ”. Two more  fans were  turned  
on, and a “strong  wind ” blew  through  the trees．说明人造的雪景让我们感觉寒冷 ，
故B正确．
66．A   细节理解． 根据最后一句 For a full three  minutes  in our lives  we would  be 
experiencing  the excitement  of being  film “stars”!说明这里的 three  minutes指拍摄
的电影中的这一新的场景， 故A正确．
