Question:
D 
Low-Cost  Gifts  for Mother ’s Day 
Gift No. 1 
Offer  to be your mother ’s health  friend.  Promise  to be there  for any and all 
doctor ’s visits  whether  a disease  or a regular  medical  check-up.  Most  mothers  always  
say “no need, ” another  set of eyes and ears is always  a good  idea at a doctor ’s visit.  
The best part?  This one is free. 
Gift No. 2 
Help  your mother  organize  all of her medical  records,  which  include  the test 
results  and medical  information.  Put them  all in one place.  Be sure to make  a list of all 
of her medicines  and what  times  she takes  them.  “Having  all this information  in one 
  place  could  end up saving  your mother ’s life,” Dr. Marie  Savard  said. 
Gift No. 3 
Enough  sleep  is connected  to general  health  conditions.  “Buy your mother  cotton  
sheets  and comfortable  pillows  to encourage  better  sleep, ” Savard  said. “We know  
that good  sleep  is very important  to our health. ” 
Gift No. 4 
Some  gift companies  such as Presents  for Purpose  allow  you to pay it forward  
this Mother ’s Day by picking  gifts in which  10 percent  of the price  you pay goes to a 
charity  (慈善机构 ). Gift givers  can choose  from  a wide  variety  of useful  but 
inexpensive  things  --- many  of which  are “green ” --- and then choose  a meaningful  
charity  from  a list. When  your mother  gets the gift, she will be told that she has 
helped  the chosen  charity.  
68. What  are you advised  to do for your mother  at doctor ’s visits?  
A. Take  notes.    B. Be with her.   C. Buy medicine.    D. Give  her gifts.  
69. Where  can you find a gift idea to improve  your mother’s  sleep?  
A. In Gift No. 1.   B. In Gift No. 2.    C. In Gift No. 3.   D. In Gift No. 4. 
70. Buying  gifts from  Presents  for Purpose  allows  mothers  to_______.  
A. enjoy  good  sleep           B. be well-organized  
C. bet extra  support           D. give others  help


Answers:
['B', 'C', 'D']

Analysis:
68．B   细节理解题．根据第一则广告中 "Promise  to be there  for any and all 
doctor ’s visits  whether  a disease  or a regular  medical  check -up"可知，不管是疾病检
查还是定期的体格检查，都一定要陪母亲看医生，文章中的 "Promise  to be there"
和"be with her"意义相同． 故选 B．
69．C   细节理解题．根据题干关键词 "improve  your mother ’s sleep"可以定位到
第 三 则 广 告 中 的 "Buy  your mother  cotton  sheets  and comfortable  pillows  to 
encourage  better  sleep"可知，给母亲买棉床单和舒适的枕头，让母亲有更好的睡
眠，故选 C．
70．D   推理判断题 ．文章最后一段提到 "Present  for Purpose"及该段中的 "she will 
be told that she has helped  the chosen  charity ."可知，在一些公司买礼物给母亲实际
上相当于让母亲给别人提供帮助． 故选 D．
