Question:
A 
Doctor  are known  to be terrible  pilots.  They  don’t listen  because  they already  
know  it all. I was lucky:  I became  a pilot in 1970,  almost  ten years  before  I graduated  
from  medical  school.  I didn’t realize  then,  but becoming  a pilot makes  me a better  
surgeon.  I loved  flying.  As I flew bigger,  faster  planes,  and in worse  weather.  I 
learned  about  crew  resource  management  (机组资源管理 ), or CRM,  a new idea to 
make  flying  safer.  It means  that crew  members  should  listen  and speak  up for a good  
result,  regardless  of positions.  
I first read about  CRM  in 1980.  Not long after that, an attending  doctor  and I 
were  flying  in bad weather.  The controller  had us turn too late to get our landing  
ready.  The attending  doctor  was flying;  I was safety  pilot He was so busy  because  of 
the bad turn, he had forgotten  to put the landing  gear (起落架 ) down.  He was a better  
pilot --- and my boss --- so it felt unusual  to speak  up. But I had to: Our lives  were  in 
danger.  I put aside  my uneasiness  and said, “We need  to put the landing  gear down  
now! ” That was my first real lesson  in the power  of CRM,  and I’ve used it in the 
operating  room  ever since.  
CRM  requires  that the pilot/surgeon  encourage  others  to speak  up. It further  
requires  that when  opinions  are from  the opposite,  the doctor  doesn ’t overreact,  which  
might  prevent  fellow  doctors  from  voicing  opinions  again.  So when  I’m in the 
operating  room,  I ask for ideas  and help from  others.  Sometimes  they’re not willing  to 
speak  up. But I hope  that if I continue  to encourage  them,  someday  someone  will keep  
me from  “landing  gear up”. 
56. What  dose the author  say about  doctors  in general?  
A. They  like flying  by themselves.     B. They  are unwilling  to take advice.  
C. They  pretend  to be good  pilots.     D. They  are quick  learners  of CRM.  
57. The author  deepened  his understanding  of the power  of CRM  when_______.  
  A. he saved  the plane  by speaking  up    B. he was in charge  of a flying  task 
C. his boss landed  the plane  too late     D. his boss operated  on a patient  
58. In the last paragraph  “landing  gear up” probably  means  ______.  
A. following  flying  requirements         B. overreacting  to different  opinions  
C. listening  to what  fellow  doctors  say    D. making  a mistake  that may cost lives  
59. Which  of the following  can be the best title for the text?  
A. CRM:  A New  Way  to Make  Flying  Safe 
B. Flying  Makes  Me a Better  Doctor  
C. The Making  of a Good  Pilot  
D. A Pilot-Tumed  Doctor


Answers:
['B', 'A', 'D', 'B']

Analysis:
56．B 细节理解题．根据第一段第一行的 "Doctosr  are known  to be terrible  pilots . 
They  don’t listen  because  they already  know  it all."可知，作者总体上认为医生不喜
欢接受意见，因为他们认为自己什么都懂， 故选 B．
57．A 细节理解题 ．根据第二段最后一句 "That  was my first real lesson  in the power  
of CRM , …"可知，作者在经历了一次飞行，因为勇于给上级提出意见而挽救了
飞机之后，对机组资源管理有了更深的理解， 故选 A．
58．D 细节理解题．根据第二段的 "We need  to put the landing  gear down  now!"可
知，作者提出的降下起落架的建议 ，使飞机安全着陆 ；这里用的是 "landing  gear up"
  ，是相反的情况 ，可知作者希望有人能够勇敢提出意见 ，以避免犯可能以生命为
代价错误， 故选 D．
59．B 主旨大意题．作者通过当飞行员的经历，学到了机组资源管理，并运用
到了自己的工作中，文章主要讲的是机组资源管理带给作者的好处， B项， "飞
行使我成为一个更好的医生 "最符合题意， 故选 B．
