Question:
D 
The National  Gallery  
Description:  
The National  Gallery  is the British  national  art museum  built on the north  side of 
  European  art ranging  from  13th-century  religious  paintings  to more  modern  ones by 
Renoir  and Van Gogh.  The older  collections  of the gallery  are reached  through  the 
main  entrance  while  the more  modern  works  in the East Wing  are most  easily  reached  
from  Trafalgar  Square  by a ground  floor  entrance . 
Layout:  
The modern  Sainsbury  Wing  on the western  side of the buileing  houses  13th-to  
15th-century  paintings,  and artists  include  Duccio,  Uccello,  Van Eyck,  Lippi,  
Mantegna,  Botticelli  and Memling.  
The main  West  Wing  houses  16th-century  paintings,  and artists  include  
Leonardo  da Vinci,  Cranach,  Michelangelo,  Raphael,  Bruegel,  Bronzino,  Titan  and 
Veronest.  
The North  Wing  houses  17th-century  paintings,  and artists  include  Caravaggio,  
Rubens,  Poussin,  Van Dyck,  Velazquez,  Claude  and Vermeer.  
The East Wing  houses  18th-to  early  20th-century  paintings,  and artists  include  
Canaletto,  Goya,  Turner,  Constable,  Renoir  and Van Gogh . 
Opening  Hours:  
The Gallery  is open  every  day from  10am  to 6pm（Fridays  10am  to 9pm）and is 
free, but charges  apply  to some  special  exhibitions.  
Getting  There:  
Nearest  underground  stations:  Charing  Cross（2-minute  walk）. Leicester  
Square（3-minute  walk）, Embankment （7-minute  walk）, and Piccadilly  Circus（
8-minute  walk）. 
68. In which  century’s  collection  can you see religious  paintings?  
A. The 13th.     B. The 17th.     C. The 18th.     D. The 20th. 
69. Where  are Leonardo  da Vinci’s  works  shown?  
A. In the East Wing .          B. In the main  West  Wing.   
C. In the Sainsbury  Wing.       D. In the North  Wing.  
70. Which  underground  station  is closest  to the National  Gallery?  
A. Piccadilly  Circus.   B. Leicester  Square.   C. Embankment.   D. Charing  Cross.


Answers:
['A', 'B', 'D']

Analysis:
68．A 细节理解题 ．根据 Description 部分中的第二句 "It houses  a diverse  collection  
of more  than 2,300 examples  of European  art ranging  from  13th-century  religious  
paintings  to more  modern  ones by Renoir  and Van Gogh ."可知，它藏有从 13世纪宗
教绘画作品到雷诺瓦和梵高的现代作品 2300多份的各种各样的藏品 ，所以在 13
世纪的藏品中含有宗教绘画作品． 故选 A．
69．B 细节理解题． 根据 Layout部分中的第二段的 "The  main  West  Wing  houses  
16th-century  paintings , and artists  include  Leonardo  da Vinci ,"可知，达芬奇的作品
在"The  main  West  Wing"展出．故选 B．
70．D 细节理解题． 根据 Getting  There部分的 "Nearest  underground  stations：
Charing  Cross（2-minutes  walk）, Leiseter  Square（3-minutes  walk）, Embankmen
（7-minutes  walk）, and Piccadilly  Circus（8-minutes  walk）"可知，从Charing  
Cross至英国国家美术馆步行只需两分钟，因此这个地铁站距离英国国家美术馆
最近．故选 D．
