Question:
根据短文内容 ，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项 。选项中有
两项为多余选项。  
Business  is the organized  approach  to providing  customers  with the goods  and 
services  they want . The word  business  also refers  to an organization  that provides  
these  goods  and services . Most  businesses  seek to make  a profit（利润） --- that is, 
they aim to achieve  income  that is more  than the costs  of operating  the business .  71       
Commonly  called  nonprofits , these  organizations  are primarily  nongovernmental  
service  providers . 　72   　 
Business  management  is a term used to describe  the techniques  of planning , 
direction , and control  of the operations  of a business . 　73    One is the 
establishment （制定） of broad  basic  policies  with respect  to production ; sales ; the 
purchase  of equipment , materials  and supplies ; and accounting . 　74   The third  
relates  to the establishment  of standards  of work  in all departments . Direction  is 
concerned  primarily  with supervision （监管） and guidance  by the management  in 
authority . 　 75  　 
A. Control  includes  the use of records  and reports  to compare  actual  work  with the set 
standards  for work.  
B. In this connection  there  is the difference  between  top management  and operative  
management.  
C. Examples  of nonprofit  business  top management  and operative  management.  
D. However , some  businesses  only seek to enough  to cover  their operating  costs . 
E. The second  aspect  relates  to the application  of these  policies  by departments.  
F. In the theory  of business  management,  organization  has two main  aspects.  
G. Planning  in business  management  has three  main  aspects.


Answers:
['D', 'C', 'G', 'E', 'A']

Analysis:
71．D  通过空格后的句子 Commonly  called  nonprofits , these  organizations  are 
primarily  nongovernmental  service  providers 是讲一种不盈利的机构，前文讲述的
是商业机构的目的是为了赚取利润 ，所以讲到两种不同的情况 ，因此可以推测空
格处表达转折，且讲到不盈利的机构， 可以选 D．意为 "这些机构仅仅是赚取它
们自身运转的费用 "；
72．C  根据空格前面的内容讲的是不盈利机构 nonprofits ，可以推知接着是对不
盈利机构进行举例， 故答案为 C；
73．G 根据空格前面的内容 Business  management  is a term used to describe  the 
techniques  of planning , direction , and control  of the operations  of a business．可知讲
的是 "商业管理 "（Business  management ），空格后的内容是对三个方面进行阐述
  ，空格的内容属于对 planning的阐述， 故答案为 G；
74．E  根据空格前后的内容可知， 前面阐述了 planning，后面 the third…阐述了  
the control  of the operations  of a business（商业运作的控制 ）关系到所有部门的工
作标准的建立（ The third  relates  to the establishment  of standards  of work  in all 
departments ），所以空格内容为 the second… ，用来阐述 direction 关系到部门对
各项政策的实行（ the application  of these  policies  by departments ），故答案为 E；
75．A  最后一点可以根据前一句推知，前面一句说明 "导向主要涉及权威管理
的引导和监管 "（Direction  is concerned  primarily  with supervision  and guidance  by 
the management  in authority），可推知 "控制包括了报告和记录的作用 ﹣﹣用来对
比实际工作与工作标准是否符合 "．故答案为 A．
