Question:
A 
Some  people  will do just about  anything  to save money.  And I am one of them.  
Take  my family’s  last vacation.  It was my six-year-old  son’s  winter  break  form  
school,  and we were  heading  home  form  Fort Lauderdale  after a weeklong  trip. The 
flight  was overbooked,  and Delta,  the airline,  offered  us $400  per person  in credits  to 
give up our seats  and leave  the next day. I had meeting  in New  York , So I had to get 
back.  But that didn’t mean  my husband  and my son couldn ’t stay. I took my 
nine-month-old  and took off for home.  
The next day my husband  and son were  offered  more  credits  to take an even  later 
flight.  Yes, I encouraged  --- okay,  ordered-them  to wait it out at the airport,  to “earn” 
more  Delta  Dollars.  Our total take:  $1,600.  Not bad, huh? 
Now  some  people  may think  I’m a bad mother  and not such a great  wife either.  
But as a big-time  bargain  hunter,  I know  the value  of a dollar.  And these  days,  a good  
deal is something  few of us can afford  to pass up. 
I’ve made  living  looking  for the best deals  and exposing  (揭露 ) the worst  tricks.  
I have  been  the consumer  reporter  of NBC ’s Today  show  for over a decade.  I have  
written  a couple  of books  including  one titled  Tricks  of the Trade:  A Consumer  
Survival  Guide.  And I really  do what  I believe  in. I tell you this because  there  is no 
shame  in getting  your money’s  worth.  I’m also tightfisted  when  it comes  to shoes,  
clothes  for my children,  and expensive  restaurants.  But I wouldn ’t hesitate  to spend  
on a good  haircut.  It keeps  its longer,  and it’s the first thing  people  notice.  And I will 
also spend  on a classic  piece  of furniture.  Quality  lasts.  
  56. Why  did Delta  give the author ’s family  credits?  
A. They  took a later flight.         B. They  had early  bookings.  
C. Their  flight  had been  delayed.    D. Their  flight  had been  cancelled.  
57. What  can we learn  about  the author?  
A. She rarely  misses  a good  deal.       B. She seldom  makes  a compromise.  
C. She is very strict  with her children .  D. She is interested  in cheap  products.  
58. What  does the author  do? 
A. She’s a teacher.        B. She’s a housewife.  
C. She’s a media  person.   D. She’s a businesswoman.  
59. What  does the author  want  to tell us? 
A. How  to expose  bad tricks.      B. How  to reserve  airline  seats.  
C. How  to spend  money  wisely .   D. How  to make  a business  deal.


Answers:
['A', 'A', 'C', 'C']

Analysis:
56．A  细节理解题 ，根据  第一段 The flight  was overbooked ，and Delta，the airline
，offered  us $400  per person  in credits  to give up our seats  and leave  the next day．可
知三角洲航空公司给作者一家 400美元是为了让他们放弃自己的座位晚一天离
开，故选 A．
57．A  推理判断题 ．根据文章第三段中 "But as a bigtime  bargain  hunter，I know  the 
value  of a dollar . And these  days, a good  deal is something  few of us can afford  to 
pass up."可知作者自称是一个一流的杀价者 ，并且说一笔好的交易是很少有人能
够拒绝的，因此作者不会错过一笔好买卖的， 故选 A．
58．C  细节理解题．根据文章第四段 "I have  been  the consumer  reporter  of NBC ’s 
Today  show  for over a decade ."可知作者是一位媒体工作者， 故选 C．
59．C  写作意图题． 根据文章最后一段 But I wouldn ’t hesitate  to spend  on a good  
haircut . It keeps  its shape  longer , and it’s the first thing  people  notice . And I will also 
spend  on a classic  piece  of furniture . Quality  lasts. 可知本文讲述了应该明智地花钱
，即如何让钱花得更值得， 故选 C．
