Question:
C 
Given  that many  people ’s moods  (情绪 ) are regulated  by the chemical  action  of 
chocolate,  it was probably  only a matter  of time before  somebody  made  the chocolate  
shop  similar  to a drugstore  of Chinese  medicine.  Looking  like a setting  from  the film 
Charlie  & the Chocolate  Factory , Singapore ’s Chocolate  Research  Facility  (CRF)  has 
over 100 varieties  of chocolates.  Its founder  is Chris  Lee who grew  up at his parents ’ 
corner  store  with one hand  almost  always  in the jar of sweets.  
If the CRF  seems  to be a smart  idea,  that’s because  Lee is not merely  a seasoned  
salesperson  but also head  of a marketing  department  that has business  relations  with 
big names  such as Levi’s and Sony.  That idea surely  results  in the imagination  at 
work  when  it comes  to making  different  flavored  (味道 ) chocolates.  
The CRF ’s produce  is “green ”, made  within  the country  and divided  into 10 
lines,  with the Alcohol  Series  being  the most  popular.  The Exotic  Series  --- with 
  Sichuan  pepper,  red bean  (豆), cheese  and other  flavors  --- also does well and is fun to 
taste.  And for chocolate  snobs , who think  that they have  a better  knowledge  of 
chocolate  than others,  the Connoisseur  Series  uses cocoa  beans  from  Togo,  Cuba,  
Venezuela  , and Ghana,  among  others.  
64. What  is good  about  chocolate?  
A. It serves  as a suitable  gift.          B. It works  as an effective  medicine.  
C. It helps  improve  the state of mind.    D. It strengthens  business  relations.  
65. Why  is Chris  Lee able to develop  his idea of the CRF?  
A. He knows  the importance  of research.  
B. He learns  form  shops  of similar  types.  
C. He has the support  of many  big names  
D. He has a lot of marketing  experience.  
66. Which  line of the CRF  produce  sells best?  
A. The Connoisseur  Series.       B. The Exotic  Series.  
C. The Alcohol  Series.           D. The Sichuan  Series.  
67. The words  “chocolate  snobs ” in Paragraph  3 probably  refer  to people  who      .     
A. are particular  about  chocolate       B. know  little about  cocoa  beans  
C. look down  upon  others            D. like to try new flavors


Answers:
['C', 'D', 'C', 'A']

Analysis:
64．C   逻辑推理题 ．文章一开始就讲述了巧克力的功能 ，根据第一段句子 many  
people ’s moods（情绪） are regulated  by the chemical  action  of chocolate , it was 
probably  only a matter  of time before  somebody  made  the chocolate  shop  similar  to a 
drugstore  of Chinese  medicine．可知巧克力能够改善人的情绪， 故答案为 C．
65．D  逻辑推理题． 根据第二段 that’s because  Lee is not merely  a seasoned  
salesperson  but also head  of a marketing  department  that has business  relations  with 
big names  such as Levi’s and Sony可知，李不仅是经验丰富的销售人员，而且还
是和大品牌有商业往来的市场部门的领军人物 ，由此可推知 Chris  Lee经验丰富 ，
才能生出 CRF的生产灵感． 故答案为 D．
66．C  细节辨识题．  根据第三段的第一句内容 with the Alcohol  Series  being  the 
most  popular可知，答案为 C．
67．A  词义理解题． 根据第三段中 who think  that they have  a better  knowledge  of 
chocolate  than others这句定语从句对 chocolate  snobs的解释，应该是指对巧克力
有非常深入了解的人，为专业人士， 故答案为 A，be particular  about…对…很专
业．
