Question:
B 
Since  the first Earth  Day in 1970,  American  have  gotten  a lot “greener”  toward  
the environment.  “We didn’t  know  at that time there  even  was an environment,  let 
alone  that there  was a problem  with it,” says Bruce  Anderson,  president  of Earth  Day 
USA.  
But what  began  as nothing  important  in public  affairs  has grown  into a social  
movement.  Business  people,  political  leaders,  university  professors,  and especially  
millions  of grass-roots  Americans  are taking  part in the movement.  “The  
understanding  has increased  many,  many  times,”  says Gaylord  Nelson,  the former   
governor  from  Wisconsin,  who thought  up the first According  to US government  
reports,  emissions  (排放 ) from  cars and trucks  have  dropped  from  10.3 million  tons a 
year to 5.5 tons.  The number  of cities  producing  CO beyond  the standard  has been  
reduced  from  40 to 9. Although  serious  problems  still remain  and need  to be dealt  
with,  the world  is a safer  and healthier  place.  A kind of “Green  thinking”  has become  
part of practices.  
Great  improvement  has been  achieved.  In 1988  there  were  only 600 recycling  
programs;  today  in 1995  there  are about  6,600.  Advanced  lights,  motors,  and building  
designs  have  helped  save a lot of energy  and therefore  prevented  pollution.  
Twenty -five years  ago, there  were  hardly  any education  programs  for 
environment.  Today,  it’s hard to find a public  school,  university,  or law school  that 
  does not have  such a kind of program.”  Until  we do that, nothing  else will change!”  
say Bruce  Anderson.  
25. According  to Anderson , before  1970 , Americans  had little idea about　   　. 
A. the social  movement           B. recycling  techniques  
C. environmental  problems        D. the importance  of Earth  Day  
26. Where  does the support  for environmental  protection  mainly  come  from ? 　   　 
A. The grass -roots  level         B. The business  circle  
C. Government  officials         D. University  professors  
27. What  have  Americans  achieved  in environmental  protection ? 　   　 
A. They  have  cut car emissions  to the lowest . 
B. They  have  settled  their environmental  problems . 
C. They  have  lowered  their CO levels  in forty  cities . 
D. They  have  reduced  pollution  through  effective  measures . 
28. What  is especially  important  for environmental  protection  according  to the last 
paragraph ? 　   　 
A. Education     B. Planning     C. Green  living     D. CO reduction


Answers:
['C', 'A', 'D', 'A']

Analysis:
25．C  细节理解题 ．根据文章第一段 "We didn’t know  at that time there  even  was an 
environment , let alone  that there  was a problem  with it," says Bruce  Anderson , 
president  of Earth  Day USA . 可知在 1970年世界地球日开始的时候，人们甚至都
不知道有 "环境 "这个词，更不要说知道存在着环境问题了． 故选 C．
26．A  细节理解题． 根据文章第二段 Business  people , political  leaders , university  
professors , and especially  millions  of grass -roots  Americans  are taking  part in the 
movement . 商务人士 、政治领袖 、大学教授 ，尤其是基层的数以百万计的美国人
都参加了运动，可知环境保护的主要支持来自于普通民众． 故选 A．
27．D  推理判断题 ．根据第三段 According  to US government  reports , emissions  （
排放） from  cars and trucks  have  dropped  from  10.3 million  tons a year to 5.5 tons. 
The number  of cities  producing  CO beyond  the standard  has been  reduced  from  40 to 
9. 可知通过人们的共同努力 ，现在的污染排放的数字已经大大地减少了 ，故选 D
．
28．A  推理判断题． 根据文章最后一段 Twenty -five years  ago, there  were  hardly  
any education  programs  for environment . Today , it’s hard to find a public  school , 
university , or law school  that does not have  such a kind of program . 可知现在几乎每
个学校都有关于环境保护方面的教育的内容 ．说明教育在环境保护方面有很重要
的作用． 故选 A．
