Question:
C 
A typical  lion tamer（驯兽师 ）in people ’s mind  is an entertainer  holding  a whip  
（鞭） and a chair . The whip  gets all of the attention , but it’s mostly  for show . In 
reality , it’s the chair  that does the important  work . When  a lion tamer  holds  a chair  in 
front  of the lion’s face, the lion tries to focus  on all four legs of the chair  at the same  
time. With  its focus  divided , the lion becomes  confused  and is unsure  about  what  to 
do next. When  faced  with so many  options , the lion chooses  to freeze  and wait instead  
of attacking  the man holding  the chair . 
    How  often  do you find yourself  in the same  position  as the lion? How  often  do 
you have  something  you want  to achieve（e.g. lose weight , start a business , travel  
more）--- only to end up confused  by all of the options  in front  of you and never  make  
progress ? 
    This upsets  me to no end because  while  all the experts  are busy  debating  about  
which  option  is best, the people  who want  to improve  their lives  are left confused  by 
all of the conflicting  information . The end result  is that we feel like we can’t focus  or 
that we’re focused  on the wrong  things , and so we take less action , make  less progress , 
  and stay the same  when  we could  be improving . 
    It doesn ’t have  to be that way. Anytime  you find the world  waving  a chair  in 
your face, remember  this: All you need  to do is focus  on one thing . You just need  to 
get started . Starting  before  you feel ready  is one of the habits  of successful  people . If 
you have  somewhere  you want  to go, something  you want  to accomplish , someone  
you want  to become  … take immediate  action . If you’re clear  about  where  you want  
to go, the rest of the world  will either  help you get there  or get out of the way. 
28. Why  does the lion tamer  use a chair ? 　   　 
A. To show  off his skills .       B. To trick the lion. 
C. To get ready  for a fight .      D. To entertain  the audience . 
29. In what  sense  are people  similar  to a lion facing  a chair ? 　   　 
A. They  feel puzzled  over choices .     B. They  hold on to the wrong  things . 
C. They  find it hard to make  changed .   D. They  have  to do something  for show . 
30. What  is the author ’s attitude  towards  the experts  mentioned  in Paragraph  3? 　   　 
A. Tolerant        B. Doubtful       C. Respectful       D. Supportive  
31. When  the world  is “waving  a chair  in your face”, you’re advised  to　   　. 
A. wait for a better  chance      B. break  your old habits  
C. make  a quick  decision       D. ask for clear  guidance


Answers:
['A', 'A', 'B', 'C']

Analysis:
28．A考查细节理解 ．根据第一段中 "When  a lion tamer  holds  a chair  in front  of the 
lion’s face, the lion tries to focus  on all four legs of the chair  at the same  time"可知，
当驯兽师拿着椅子在狮子面前时 ，狮子关注椅子的四条腿 ，因此椅子用是用来戏
耍狮子的． 故选 A．
29．A 考查推理判断．根据第一段中的 "With  its focus  divided , the lion becomes  
confused  and is unsure  about  what  to do next"可知，当注意力分散时，狮子开始变
得困惑，人们跟狮子相似，也会困惑，不知道该怎么做． 故选 A．
30．B 考查推理判断 ．根据第三段中 "This  upsets  me to no end because  while  all the 
experts  are busy  debating  about  which  option  is best"可知，专家们正忙于讨论哪一
种选择是最好的 ，这令作者苦恼 ，因此可以推断出作者对专家的态度是怀疑 ．故
选B．
31．C 考查推理判断 ．根据第四段中 "Anytime  you find the world  waving  a chair  in 
your face, remember  this: All you need  to do is focus  on one thing . You just need  to 
get started ."及"Starting  before  you feel ready  is one of the habits  of successful  
people"可知，当你面前挥舞着一把椅子时 ，你要集中精力做一件事 ，那就是开始
下决心去做．成功的人的习惯之一就是在感觉准备好之前就开始行动，文中的
"take  immediate  action"与"make  a quick  decision"同义．故选 C．
