Question:
A 
The Cambridge  Science  Festival  Curiosity  Challenge  
Dare  to Take  the Curiosity  Challenge!  
The Cambridge  Science  Festival  (CSF)  is pleased  to inform  you of the sixth  
annual  Curiosity  Challenge.  The challenge  invites,  even  dares  school  students  
between  the ages of 5 and 14 to create  artwork  or a piece  of writing  that shows  their 
curiosity  and how it inspires  them  to explore  their world.  
Students  are being  dared  to draw  a picture,  write  an article,  take a photo  or write  
a poem  that shows  what  they are curious  about.  To enter  the challenge,  all artwork  or 
pieces  of writing  should  be sent to the Cambridge  Science  Festival,  MIT Museum,  
265 Mass  Avenue.  Cambridge  02139  by Friday,  February  8th. 
Students  who enter  the Curiosity  Challenge  and are selected  as winners  will be 
honored  at a special  ceremony  during  the CSF on Sunday,  April  21st.  Guest  speaker  
will also present  prizes  to the students.  Winning  entries  will be published  in a book.  
Student  entries  will be exhibit  and prizes  will be given.  Families  of those  who take 
part will be included  in the celebration  and brunch  will be served.  
Between  March  10th and March  15th,  each winner  will be given  the specifics  of 
the closing  ceremony  and the Curiosity  Challenge  celebration.  The program  
guidelines  and other  related  information  are available  at: 
http://cambridgesciencefestival.org . 
21. Who  can take part in the Curiosity  Challenge ? 　   　 
A. School  students     B. Cambridge  locals    C. CSF winners    D. MIT artists  
22. When  will the prize -giving  ceremony  be held? 　   　 
A. On February  8th   B. On March  10th   C. On April  21st   D. On March  15th  
  23. What  type of writing  is this text? 　   　 
A. An exhibition  guide .       B. An art show  review . 
C. An announcement .        D. An official  report .


Answers:
['A', 'C', 'C']

Analysis:
21．A．细节理解题． 根据文章第一段 2，3行The challenge  invites , even  dares  
school  students  between  the ages of 5 and 14 to create  artwork  or a piece  of writing  
that shows  their curiosity  how it inspires  them  to explore  their world .可知，这个活动
主要的参加对象是学校里的学生． 故A正确．
22．C．细节理解题 ．根据文章第三段 Students  who enter  the Curiosity  Challenge  and 
are selected  as winners  will be honor  at a special  ceremony  during  the CSF on Sunday , 
April  21st. 可知，进入挑战赛并获奖的同学将在 4月21日的颁奖典礼上接受颁
奖．故C正确．
23．C．推理判断题． 本文主要介绍了 The Cambridge  Science  Festival  Curiosity  
Challenge 剑桥科技节的很多信息 ，根据短文的内容及 The program  guidelines  and 
other  related  information  are available  at: http://cambridgesciencefestival .org.如果想
了解更多的信息可以登陆这个网址 ．可推知这是一个通知 ，属于应用文中的通知
．也就是让别人知道这件重大活动的情况． 故C正确．
