Question:
B 
Passenger  pigeons（ 旅 鸽 ） once  flew over much  of the United  States  in 
unbelievable  numbers.  Written  accounts  from  the 18th and 19th centuries  described  
flocks（群） so large  that they darkened  the sky for hours.  
It was calculated  that when  its population  reach  its highest  point,  there  were  
more  than 3 billion  passenger  pigeons  – a number  equal  to 24 to 40 percent  of the 
total bird population  in the United  States,  making  it perhaps  the most  abundant  birds  
in the world.  Even  as late as 1870  when  their numbers  had already  become  smaller,  a 
flock  believed  to be 1 mile wide  and 320 miles  (about  515 kilometers)  long was seen 
near Cincinnati.  
Sadly,  the abundance  of passenger  pigeons  may have  been  their undoing . Where  
the birds  were  abundant,  people  believed  there  was an ever-lasting  supply  and killed  
them  by the thousands.  Commercial  hunters  attracted  them  to small  clearings  with 
grain,  waited  until pigeons  had settled  to feed,  then threw  large  nets over them,  taking  
hundreds  at a time.  The birds  were  shipped  to large  cities  and sold in restaurants.  
By the closing  decades  of the 19th century,  the hardwood  forests  where  
passenger  pigeons  nested  had been  damaged  by Americans’  need  for wood,  which  
scattered（驱散） the flocks  and forced  the birds  to go farther  north,  where  cold 
temperatures  and spring  storms  contributed  to their decline.  Soon  the great  flocks  
were  gone,  never  to be seen again.  
In 1897,  the state of Michigan  passed  a law prohibiting  the killing  of passenger  
pigeons,  but by then,  no sizable  flocks  had been  seen in the state for 10 years.  The last 
confirmed  wild pigeon  in the United  States  was shot by a boy in Pike County,  Ohio,  
in 1900.  For a time,  a few birds  survived  under  human  care.  The last of them,  known  
affectionately  as Martha,  died at the Cincinnati  Zoological  Garden  in September  1, 
1914.  
  24. In the 18th and early  19th centuries , passenger  pigeons　   　. 
A. were  the biggest  bird in the world  
B. lived  mainly  in the south  of America  
C. did great  harm  to the natural  environment  
D. were  the largest  bird population  in the US 
25. The underlined  word  “undoing ” probably  refers  to the pigeons ’ 　   　. 
A. escape      B. ruin      C. liberation       D. evolution  
26. What  was the main  reason  for people  to kill passenger  pigeons ? 　   　 
A. To seek pleasure            B. To save other  birds  
C. To make  money             D. To protect  crops  
27. What  can we infer  about  the law passed  in Michigan ? 　   　 
A. It was ignored  by the public          B. It was declared  too late 
C. It was unfair                      D. It was strict


Answers:
['D', 'B', 'C', 'B']

Analysis:
24．D．推理判断题 ．根据第二段的内容可知 ，据计算，旅鸽数量最多时 ，有30
多亿只， 相当于美国鸟类总数的 24%﹣40%．到1870年，旅鸽的数量已经减少
了，但是， 有人在 Cincinnati 附近看到鸽群的规模为 1英里宽， 320英里长．由
此可见，在18至19世纪，旅鸽的数量最多 ．第一段的第二句也是关键信息 ．故
选D．
25．B．词义猜测题 ．根据第三段的内容可知 ，旅鸽的数量巨大最终导致它们灭
绝． undoing意为 "毁灭 "，与ruin同义．故选 B．
26．C．细节理解题 ．根据第三段可知 ，商业猎人用大网来围捕旅鸽 ，然后运到
大城市卖给餐馆，由此可见，人们捕杀旅鸽主要是为了赚钱． 故选 C．
27．B．推理判断题．根据最后一段的内容可知， 1897年密歇根州出台了法律 ，
禁止捕杀旅鸽．那时，人们已经十年没有看到大规模的旅鸽群出没．由此可知 ，
保护旅鸽的法律出台太晚了． 故选 B．
