Question:
D 
As more  and more  people  speak  the global  languages  of English,  Chinese,  
Spanish,  and Arabic,  other  languages  are rapidly  disappearing.  In fact, half of the 
6,000-7,000  languages  spoken  around  the world  today  will likely  die out by the next 
century,  according  to the United  Nations  Educational,  Scientific,  and Cultural  
Organization  (UNESCO).   
In an effort  to prevent  language  loss, scholars  from  a number  of organizations- -- 
UNESCO  and National  Geographic  among  them ---have  for many  years  been  
documenting  dying  languages  and the cultures  they reflect.  
Mark  Turin,  a scientist  at the Macmillan  Center,  Yale  University,  who 
specializes  in the languages  and oral traditions  of the Himalayas,  is following  in that 
  tradition . His recently  published  book,  A Grammar  of Thangmi  with an 
Ethnolinguistic  Introduction  to the Speakers  and Their  Culture , grows  out of his 
experience  living,  looking  and raising  a family  in a village  in Nepal.  
Documenting  the Tangmi  language  and culture  is just a starting  point  for Turin,  
who seeks  to include  other  languages  and oral traditions  across  the Himalayans  
reaches  of India,  Nepal,  Bhutan,  and China.  But he is not content  to simply  record  
these  voices  before  they disappear  without  record.  
At the University  of Cambridge  Turin  discovered  a wealth  of important  
materials ---including  photographs,  films,  tap recordings,  and field notes- --which  had 
remained  unstudied  and were  badly  in need  of care and protection.  
Now,  through  the two organizations  that he has founded- --the Digital  Himalaya  
Project  and the World  Oral Literature  Project- --Turin  has started  a campaign  to make  
such documents,  found  in libraries  and stores  around  the world,  available  not just to 
scholars  but to the youngers.  
Generations  of communities  from  whom  the materials  were  originally  collected.  
Thanks  to digital  technology  and the widely  available  Internet.  Turin  notes,  the 
endangered  languages  can be saved  and reconnected  with speech  communities.  
32. Many  scholars  are making  efforts  to　   　. 
A. promote  global  language           B. rescue  disappearing  languages  
C. search  for language  communities     D. set up language  research  organizations  
33. What  does “that tradition ” in Paragraph  3 refer  to? 　   　 
A. Having  full records  of the languages . 
B. Writing  books  on language  teaching . 
C. Telling  stories  about  language  users . 
D. Living  with the native  speakers . 
34. What  is Turin ’s book  based  on? 　   　 
A. The cultural  studies  in India . 
B. The documents  available  at Yale . 
C. His language  research  in Bhutan . 
D. His personal  experience  in Nepal . 
  35. Which  of the following  best describes  Turin ’s work ? 　   　 
A. Write , sell and donate .           B. Record , repair  and reward . 
C. Design , experiment  and report .    D. Collect , protect  and reconnect .


Answers:
['B', 'A', 'D', 'D']

Analysis:
32．B 细节理解题． 根据第二段 In an effort  to prevent  language  loss, scholars  from  
a number  of organizations ---UNESCO  and National  Geographic  among  them ---have  
for many  years  been  documenting  dying  languages  and the cultures  they reflect .可知
许多学者正在努力记录濒临消失的语言和文化，来挽救这些语言． 故选 B．
33．A 词义猜测题． 根据第三段 But he is not content  to simply  record  these  voices  
before  they disappear  without  record .可知这些语言在没有被记录前就要消失了 ，所
  以这些学者对这些语言做的是最早的记录． 故选 A．
34．D 推理判断题 ．根据 His recently  published  book , A Grammar  of Thangmi  with 
an Ethnolinguistic  Introduction  to the Speakers  and Their  Culture , grows  out of his 
experience  living , looking  and raising  a family  in a village  in Nepal .可知他的书是根
据他在尼泊尔一个村庄中的生活经历写的， 故选 D．
35．D 推理判断题． 根据最后一段 available  not just to scholars  but to the younger  
generations  of communities  from  whom  the materials  were  originally  collected . 以及
Turin  notes , the endangered  languages  can be saved  and reconnected  with speech  
communities . 可知 Turin的作品是从最初的材料上进行的收集，他的作品使濒临
危险的语言得到了保护 ，并且与言语重新连接 ．因此对他的作品做好的描述是具
有收集，保护和重新连接的作用． 故选 D．
