Question:
C 
Salvador  Dali (1904 —1989)  was one of the most  popular  of modern  artists.  The 
Pompidou  Centre  in Paris  is showing  its respect  and admiration  for the artist  and his 
  powerful  personality  with an exhibition  bringing  together  over 200 paintings,  
sculptures,  drawings  and more.  Among  the works  and masterworks  on exhibition  the 
visitor  will find the best pieces,  most  importantly  The Persistence  of Memory.  There  
is also L’ Enigme  sans Fin from  1938,  works  on paper,  objects,  and projects  for stage  
and screen  and selected  parts  from  television  programmes  reflecting  the artist’s  
showman  qualities.  
The visitor  will enter  the World  of Dali through  an egg and is met with the 
beginning,  the world  of birth.  The exhibition  follows  a path of time and subject  with 
the visitor  exiting  through  the brain.  
The exhibition  shows  how Dali draws  the viewer  between  two infinities  (无限 ), 
“From  the infinity  small  to the infinity  large,  contraction  and expansion  coming  in and 
out of focus:  amazing  Flemish  accuracy  and the showy  Baroque  of old painting  that 
he used in his museum-theatre  in Figueras, ” explains  the Pompidou  Centre.  
The fine selection  of the major  works  was done  in close  collaboration  (合作 ) 
with the Museo  Nacional  Reina  Sofia  in Madrid,  Spain,  and with contributions  from  
other  institutions  like the Salvador  Dali Museum  in St. Petersburg,  Florida.  
28. Which  of the following  best describes  Dali according  to Paragraph  1? 
A. Optimistic.           B. Productive.           C. Generous.             D. Traditional.  
29. What  is Dali’s  The Persistence  of Memory  considered  to be? 
A. One of his masterworks.               B. A successful  screen  adaptation.  
C. An artistic  creation  for the stage.      D. One of the best TV programmes.  
30. How  are the exhibits  arranged  at the World  of Dali?  
A. By popularity.        B. By importance.  
C. By size and shape.             D. By time and subject.  
31. What  does the word  "contributions"  in the last paragraph  refer  to? 
A. Artworks.         B. Projects.      C. Donations.         D. Documents.


Answers:
['B', 'A', 'D', 'C']

Analysis:
28．B． 推理判断题 ．根据第一段第二句 "…with  an exhibition  bringing  together  over 
200 paintings , sculptures , drawings  and more ."可知，Dali的作品非常多 ，是一位多
产的艺术家． 故选 B．
29．A．细节理解题．根据第一段第三句 "Among  the works  and masterworks  on 
exhibition  the visitor  will find the best pieces , most  importantly  The Persistence  of 
Memory ."可知， The Persistence  of Memory是Dali的杰作之一． 故选 A．
30．D．细节理解题 ．根据第二段第二句 "The  exhibition  follows  a path of time and 
subject  with the visitor  exiting  through  the brain ."可知，该展览室按照时间和主题来
安排的． 故选 D．
31．C．词义猜测题 ．根据划线词的前后句的同位关系进行猜测可知 ，主要作品
  来自于和马德里一博物馆的亲密合作以及像来自于圣彼得堡的博物馆之类的其
他机构，所以这里指的是 "艺术品 "artworks ．故选 C．
