Question:
C 
More  student  than ever before  are taking  a gap-year  (间隔年 ) before  going  to 
university.  It used to be called  the “year  off” between  school  and university.  The 
gap-year  phenomenon  originated  (起源 ) with the months  left over to Oxbridge  
applicants  between  entrance  exams  in November  and the start of the next academic  
year.  
This year,  25,310  students  who have  accepted  places  in higher  education  
institutions  have  put off their entry  until next year,  according  to statistics  on university  
entrance  provided  by University  and College  Admissions  Service  (UCAS).  
That is a record  14.7%  increase  in the number  of students  taking  a gap year.  
Tony  Higgins  from  UCAS  said that the statistics  are good  news  for everyone  in higher  
education.  “Students  who take a well-planned  year out are more  likely  to be satisfied  
with,  and complete,  their chosen  course.  Students  who take a gap year are often  more  
mature  and responsible,”  he said. 
  But not everyone  is happy.  Owain  James,  the president  of the National  Union  of 
Students  (NUS),  argued  that the increase  is evidence  of student  had ship — young  
people  are being  forced  into earning  money  before  finishing  their education.  “New  
students  are now aware  that they are likely  to leave  university  up to ￡15,000  in debt.  
It is not surprising  that more  and more  students  are taking  a gap year to earn money  to 
support  their study  for the degree.  NUS  statistics  show  that over 40% of students  are  
forced  to work  during  term time and the figure  increases  to 90% during  vacation  
periods,”  he said. 
29. What  do we learn  about  the gap year from  the text?  
A. It is flexible  in length.        B. It is a time for relaxation.  
C. It is increasingly  popular.     D. It is required  by universities.  
30. According  to Tony  Higgins,  students  taking  a gap year______.  
A. are better  prepared  for college  studies  
B. know  a lot more  about  their future  jobs 
C. are more  likely  to leave  university  in debt 
D. have  a better  chance  to enter  top universities  
31. How  does Owain  James  feel about  the gap-year  phenomenon?  
A. He’s puzzled.   B. He’s worried.   C. He’s surprised.   D. He’s annoyed.  
32. What  would  most  students  do on their vacation  according  to NUS  statistics?  
A. Attend  additional  courses.         B. Make  plans  for the new term.  
C. Earn  money  for their education.    D. Prepare  for their graduate  studies.


Answers:
['C', 'A', 'B', 'C']

Analysis:
29. C细节理解题 . 由第一段中的 "More  student  than ever before  are taking  a 
gap-year（间隔年 ）before  going  to university" 和第三段中的 "That  is a record  14.7%  
  increase  in the number  of students  taking  a gap year"可知， "gap-year"受到越来越多
的学生的欢迎 . 故选 C.
30. A 细节理解题 . 由第三段中的 "Students  who take a well-planned  year out are 
more  likely  to be satisfied  with, and complete , their chosen  course . Students  who take 
a gap year are often  more  mature  and responsible" 可知，经过 "间隔年 "（打工赚钱 ）
后，再去上大学，这样的学生更加成熟，更加有责任感 . 他们更容易满足他们所
选择的课程，更有可能完成课程 . 即可以使大学生更好地为大学学习做好准备 . 
故选 A.
31. B 推理判断题 . 由最后一段中的 "But not everyone  is happy"以及 Owain  James  
"the increase  is evidence  of student  had ship---young  people  are being  forced  into 
earning  money  before  finishing  their education" 可知，Owain  James认为很多学生被
迫先挣钱再上学，同时也反映出这些学生的辛苦 . 因此可知，他对于间隔年表示
担忧 . 故选 B.
32. C 细节理解题 . 由最后一段中的 "NUS  statistics  show  that over 40% of students  
are forced  to work  during  term time and the figure  increases  to 90% during  vacation  
periods"可知，NUS的调查数据显示 ，40%的学生被迫在上学期间边打工边学习 ，
90%的学生被迫在假期打工挣钱 . 故选 C.
