Question:
B 
Your  house  may have  an effect  on your figure.  Experts  say the way you design  
your home  could  play a role in whether  you pack  on the pounds  or keep  them  off. You 
can make  your environment  work  for you instead  of against  you. Here  are some  ways  
to turn your home  into part of diet plan.  
Open  the curtains  and turn up the lights.  Dark  environments  are more  likely  to 
encourage  overeating,  for people  are often  less self-conscious （难为情） when  
they’re  in poorly  lit places-and  so more  likely  to eat lots of food.  If your home  doesn’t  
have  enough  window  light,  get more  lamps  and flood  the place  with brightness.  
Mind  the colors.  Research  suggests  warm  colors  fuel our appetites.  In one study,  
people  who ate meals  in a blue room  consumed  33 percent  less than those  in a yellow  
or red room.  Warm  colors  like yellow  make  food appear  more  appetizing,  while  cold 
colors  make  us feel less hungry.  So when  it’s time to repaint,  go blue.  
Don’t  forget  the clock—or the radio.  People  who eat slowly  tend to consume  
about  70 fewer  calories（卡路里） per meal  than those  who rush through  their meals.  
Begin  keeping  track  of the time,  and try to make  dinner  last at least 30 minutes,  And 
while  you’re  at it, actually  sit down  to eat. If you need  some  help slowing  down,  turn 
on relaxing  music.  It makes  you less likely  to rush through  a meal.  
Downsize  the dishes,  Big serving  bowls  and plates  can easily  make  us fat. We 
eat about  22 percent  more  when  using  a 12-inch  plate  instead  of a 10-inch  plate.  
  When  we choose  a large  spoon  over a smaller  one ,total  intake（摄入）  jumps  by 14 
percent.  And we’ll  pour about  30 percent  more  liquid  into a short,  wide  glass  than a 
tall, skinny  glass.  
25. The text is especially  helpful  for those  who care about_______.  
A. their home  comforts          B. their body  shape  
C. house  buying               D. healthy  diets  
26. A home  environment  in blue can help people_________.  
A. digest  food better         B. reduce  food intake  
C. burn more  calories        D. regain  their appetites  
27. What  are people  advised  to do at mealtimes?  
A. Eat quickly.             B. Play fast music.  
C. Use smaller  spoons.       D. Turn  down  the lights.  
28. What  can be a suitable  title for the test? 
A. Is Your  House  Making  You Fat?  B. Ways  of Serving  Dinner  
C. Effects  of Self-Consciousness     D. Is Your  Home  Environment  Relaxing?


Answers:
['B', 'D', 'C', 'A']

Analysis:
25. B. 推理判断题 . 根据第一段第二句 Experts  say the way you design  your home  
could  play a rolein  whether  you pack  on the pounds  or keep  them  off. 说明你设计房
子的方式一定程度上决定了你是长肉还是减肉 ，所以这篇文章更可能是对那些在
  乎外形的人有帮助 . 故B项正确 .
26. D. 细节理解题 . 根据第三段第三句 In one study , people  who ate meals  in a blue 
room  consumed  33 percent  less than those  in a yellow  or red room . 可知在蓝色房间
里用餐的人要比在黄色或红色房间里的人吃得更少 . 也就是说减少了摄入量 . 故
D正确 .
27. C. 推理判断题 . 文章最后一段主要讲述的是吃饭的用具的大小对饮食摄入的
影响 . 根据本段第三句 When  wechoose  a large  spoon  over a smaller  one, total intake
（摄入） jumps  by 14 percent . 用大的勺子吃饭要比用小勺子多吃百分之 14，所
以作者建议人们用小勺子吃饭会少吃很多 . 故C正确 .
28. A. 标题概括题 . 根据文章前两句 Your  house  may have  an effect  on your figure . 
Experts  say the way you design  your home  could  play a role in whether  you pack  on 
the pounds  or keep  them  off. 说明房子对你的体型有很大的影响 ，房屋的设计和布
置一定程度上决定了你是长肉还是减肉 . 所以 A项与文章内容是一致的 .
