Question:
A 
Monthly  Talks  at London  Canal  Museum  
Our monthly  talks  start at 19:30  on the first Thursday  of each month  except  
August.  Admission  is at normal  charges  and you don’t  need  to book.  They  end around  
21:00.  
November  7th 
The Canal  Pioneers , by Chris  Lewis.  James  Brindley  is recognized  as one of the 
leading  early  canal  engineers.  He was also a major  player  in training  others  in the art 
of canal  planning  and building.  Chris  Lewis  will explain  how Brindley  made  such a 
positive  contribution  to the education  of that group  of early  “civil engineers ”. 
December  5th 
Ice for the Metropolis , by Malcolm  Tucker.  Well  before  the arrival  of freezers,  
there  was a demand  for ice for food preservation  and catering.  Malcolm  will explain  
the history  of importing  natural  ice and the technology  of building  ice wells,  and how 
London’s  ice trade  grew.  
February  6th 
An Update  on the Cotswold  Canals , by Liz Payne.  The Stroudwater  Canal  is 
moving  towards  reopening.  The Thames  and Severn  Canal  will take a little longer.  
We will have  a report  on the present  state of play.  
March  6th 
Eyots  and Aits — Thames  Islands , by Miranda  Vickers.  The Thames  has many  
islands.  Miranda  has undertaken  a review  of all of them.  She will tell us about  those  
of greatest  interest.  
  Online  bookings:  www.canalmuseum.org.uk/book  
More  info:  www.canalmuseum.org.uk/whatson  
London  Canal  Museum  
12-13  New  Wharf  Road,  London  NI 9RT 
www.canalmuseum.org.uk 　www.canalmuseum.mobi  
Tel: 020 7713  0836  
21. When  is the talk on James  Brindley?  
A. February  6th.       B. March  6th.   
C. November  7th.      D. December  5th. 
22. What  is the topic  of the talk in February?  
A. The Canal  Pioneers.          B. Ice for the Metropolis.  
C. Eyots  and Aits — Thames  Islands.     D. An Update  on the Cotswold  Canals.  
23. Who  will give the talk on the islands  in the Thames?  
A. Miranda  Vickers.             B. Malcolm  Tucker.    
C. Chris  Lewis.                 D. Liz Payne.


Answers:
['A', 'D', 'C']

Analysis:
21．A 细节理解题 ．根据文章第二段第二句 "James  Brindley  is recognized  as one of 
the leading  early  canal  engineers ."所对应的日期是 November  7th．可知，詹姆斯 •
布林德利的讲座在 11月7日．故选 A．
22．D 细节理解题． 根据文章第四段 February  6th中的第一句 "An Update  on the 
Cotsword  Canals , by Liz Payne . The Stroudwater  Canal  is moving  towards  
reopening ."可知， 2月份讲座的主题是关于科茨伍德运河的更新问题， 故选 D．
23．C 细节理解题．根据文章第五段第一句 "Eyots  and Aits-Thames  Islands , by 
Miranda  Vickers ."可以知道做报告的人是 Mirands  Vickets．故选 C．
