Question:
D 
Choose  Your  One-Day  Tours  
Tour  A — Bath  & Stonehenge  including  entrance  fees to the ancient  Roman  
bathrooms  and Stonehenge  —￡37 until 26 March  and ￡39 thereafter.  
Visit  the city with over 2,000  years  of history  and Bath  Abbey,  the Royal  
Crescent  and the Costume  Museum.  Stonehenge  is one of the world’s  most  famous  
prehistoric  monuments  dating  back  over 5,000  years.  
Tour  B — Oxford  & Stratford  including  entrance  fees to the University  St 
  Mary’s  Church  Tower  and Anne  Hathaway ’s house￡32 until 12 March  and ￡36 
thereafter.  
Oxford:  Includes  a guided  of England’s  oldest  university  city and colleges.  Look  
over the “city  of dreaming  spires  (尖顶 )” form  St Mary’s  Church  Tower.  Stratford:  
Includes  a guided  tour exploring  much  of the Shakespeare  wonder.  
Tour  C — Windsor  Castle  & Hampton  Court  including  entrance  fees to 
Hampton  Court  Palace  — £34 until March  and £37 thereafter.  
Includes  a guided  tour of Windsor  and Hampton  Court,  Henry  Mill’s  favorite  
palace.  Free time to visit Windsor  Castle  (entrance  fees not included).  With  500 years  
of history,  Hampton  Court  was once  the home  of four Kings  and one Queen.  Now  this 
former  royal  palace  is open  to the public  as a major  tourist  attraction.  Visit  the palace  
and its various  historic  gardens,  which  include  the famous  maze  (迷宫 ) where  it is 
easy to get lost! 
Tour  D — Cambridge  including  entrance  fees to the Tower  of Saint  Mary  
the Great  — £33 until 18 March  and £37 thereafter.  
Includes  a guided  tour of Cambridge,  the famous  university  town,  and the 
gardens  of the 18th century.  
33. Which  tour will you choose  if you want  to see England’s  oldest  university  city?  
A. Tour  A       B. Tour  B       C. Tour  C       D. Tour  D   
34. Which  of the following  tours  charges  the lowest  fee on 17 March?  
A. Windsor  Castle  & Hampton  Court.     B. Oxford  & Stratford . 
C. Bath  &Stonehenge.                 D. Cambridge.  
35. Why  is Hampton  Court  a major  tourist  attraction?  
A. It used to be the home  of royal  families.  
B. It used to be a well-known  maze . 
C. It is the oldest  palace  in Britain . 
D. It is a world-famous  castle.


Answers:
['B', 'D', 'A']

Analysis:
33. B细节理解题 . 根据 Tour  B中的 "Oxford : Included  a guided  tour of England ’s 
oldest  university  and colleges"可知，如果你想看到英国最古老的大学城，需要选
择Tour  B，故选 B.
34. D 细节理解题 . 根据每一部分的价格介绍可知： 在3月17日， Tour  A为37
英镑，Tour  B为36英镑，Tour  C为37英镑，Tour  D为33英镑，所以收费最低
的是 Tour  D剑桥大学， 故选 D.
35. A 细节理解题 . 根据 "Hampton  was once  the home  of four Kings  and one Queen"
可知，它曾经是王室的家， 故选 A.
