Question:
C 
I am Peter  Hodes,  a volunteer  stem  courier . Since  March  2012,  I’ve done  89 trips 
— of those  , 51 have  been  abroad,  I have  42 hours  to carry  stem  cells (干细胞 ) in my 
little box because  I’ve got two ice packs  and that’s  how long they last. In all, from  the 
time the stem  cells are harvested  from  a donor  (捐献者 ) to the time they can be 
implanted  in the patient,  we’ve  got 72 hours  at most,  So I am always  conscious  of 
time.  
I had one trip last year where  I was caught  by a hurricane  in America.  I picked  
up the stem  cells in Providence,  Rhode  Island,  and was meant  to fly to Washington  
then back  to London.  But when  I arrived  at the check-in  desk at Providence,  the lady 
on the desk said:  “Well,  I’m really  sorry,  I’ve got some  bad news  for you — there  are 
no flights  from  Washington.”  So I took my box and put it on the desk and I said:  “In 
this box are some  stem  cells that are urgently  needed  for a patient  — please,  please,  
you’ve  got to get me back  to the United  Kingdom.”  She just dropped  everything.  She 
arranged  for a flight  on a small  plane  to be held for me. re-routed  (改道 ) me through  
Newark  and got me back  to the UK even  earlier  than originally  scheduled.  
For this courier  job, you’re  consciously  aware  that in that box you’ve  got 
something  that is potentially  going  to save somebody’s  life. 
29. Which  of the following  can replace  the underlined  word  “courier”  in Paragraph  1? 
A. provider     B. delivery  man     C. collector     D. medical  doctor  
30. Why  does Peter  have  to complete  his trip within  42 hours?  
A. He cannot  stay away  from  his job too long.  
B. The donor  can only wait for that long.  
C. The operation  needs  that much  time.  
  D. The ice won’t  last any longer.  
31. Which  flight  did the woman  put Peter  on first?  
A. To London.     B. To Newark.     C. To Providence.     D. To 
Washington.


Answers:
['B', 'D', 'B']

Analysis:
29．B 词义猜测题．由于 "a volunteer  stem  cell courier"在句中作 peter  Hodes的同
位语，所以 courier应该是表示一种职业 ；根据第一段 "I’ve done  89 trips我已经运
送了 89次造血干细胞 "；"I have  42 hours  to carry  stem  cells干细胞在我的小箱子
里只能存放 42小时 "以及第二段作者讲述了他在运送干细胞时被困的经历 ；可知
作者是运送干细胞的人， 即B．delivery  man 送货员． A．供应商； C．收藏家 ；
D．医学博士； 故选 B．
30．D 细节理解题．根据第一段 "I have  42 hours  to carry  stem  cells in my little box 
because  I’ve got two ice packs  and that’s how long they last．干细胞在我的小箱子里
只能存放 42小时，因为箱子里面的两个冰包只能维持这么长时间 ．"可知冰包将
不能存放更长的时间． 故选 D．
31．B 细节理解题 ．根据第二段 "She  arranged  for a flight  on a small  plane  to be held 
for me, re-routed  me through  Newark  and got me back  to the UK…她安排了一架小
型飞机为我组织了一次飞行，并为我更改了航线，经由  Newark，使我先于预定
的时间到达了英国 ．"由此出可知那位女士先将 Peter安排在了飞往 Newark的航
班上；故选 B．
