Question:
B 
Five years  ago, when  I taught  art at a school  in Seattle,  I used Tinkertoys  as a test 
at the beginning  of a term to find out something  about  my students.  I put a small  set of 
Tinkertoys  in front  of each student,  and said:  “Make  something  out of the Tinkertoys.  
You have  45 minutes  today  ― and 45 minutes  each day for the rest of the week.”  
A few students  hesitated  to start.  They  waited  to see what  the rest of the class  
would  do. Several  others  checked  the instructions  and made  something  according  to 
one of the model  plans  provided.  Another  group  built something  out of their own 
imaginations.  
  Once  I had a boy who worked  experimentally  with Tinkertoys  in his free time.  
His constructions  filled  a shelf  in the art classroom  and a good  part of his bedroom  at 
home.  I was delighted  at the presence  of such a student.  Here  was an exceptionally  
creative  mind  at work.  His presence  meant  that I had an unexpected  teaching  assistant  
in class  whose  creativity  would  infect  (感染 ) other  students.  
Encouraging  this kind of thinking  has a downside . I ran the risk of losing  those  
students  who had a different  style  of thinking.  Without  fail one would  declare,  “But  
I’m just not creative.”  
“Do you dream  at night  when  you’re  asleep?”  
“Oh,  sure.”  
“So tell me one of your most  interesting  dreams.”  The student  would  tell 
something  wildly  imaginative.  Flying  in the sky or in a time machine  or growing  three  
heads.  “That’s  pretty  creative.  Who  does that for you?”  
“Nobody.  I do it.” 
“Really  ― at night,  when  you’re  asleep?”  
“Sure.”  
“Try  doing  it in the daytime,  in class,  okay?”  
25. The teacher  used Tinkertoys  in class  in order  to ________?  
A. know  more  about  the students     B. make  the lessons  more  exciting  
C. raise  the students’  interest  in art   D. teach  the students  about  toy design  
26. What  do we know  about  the boy mentioned  in Paragraph  3? 
A. He liked  to help his teacher.      B. He preferred  to study  alone.  
C. He was active  in class.           D. He was imaginative.  
27. What  does the underlined  word  “downside”  in Paragraph  4 probably  mean?  
A. Mistake.     B. Drawback.       C. Difficulty.      D. Burden.  
28. Why  did the teacher  ask the students  to talk about  their dreams?   
A. To help them  to see their creativity.   
B. To find out about  their sleeping  habits.  
C. To help them  to improve  their memory.   
D. To find out about  their ways  of thinking.


Answers:
['A', 'D', 'B', 'A']

Analysis:
25．A 推理判断题．根据文章第二段可知当我把拼装式玩具放在学生面前的时
候，有些学生犹豫着在等着看别人如何行动 ，有一些学生查看了使用说明并根据
模型做出了一  些东西．而另外一些学生则根据本人的想象力做出了一些东西．
通过观察我对不同的学生的性格有了不同的理解． 故A正确．
26．D 推理判断题．根据文章第三段第一句中提到到的这个男孩在空余时间拼
装这些玩具 ，而且他的作品堆满了艺术教室的架子 ，家里的卧室里很多 ．第三段
倒数第三句： Here  was an exceptionally  creative  mind  at work．说明他是一个很有
想象力和创造性的人， 故选 D．
27．B 词义猜测题 ．根据划线单词后一句 I ran the risk of losing  those  students  who 
had a different  style  of thinking．可知我冒着失去那些有不同思维方式的学生的危
险．说明我的这种教育方法也有不足之处 ．故划线词意为 drawback 缺点，故选 B
．
28．A 推理判断题．根据文章最后七段中的对话内容可知作者鼓励孩子们说出
最有趣的有创造性和想象力的梦 ，并鼓励他们在白天的课堂里把梦的内容做出来
．作者这样做的目的就是为了让他们看到自己的创造性和想象力． 故A正确．
