Question:
D
The Intelligent Transport team at Newcastle University have turned an electric car into a mobile laboratory named “Drive LAB” in order to understand the challenges faced by older drivers and to discover where the key stress points are.
Research shows that giving up driving is one of the key reasons for a fall in health and well-being among older people, leading to them becoming more isolated (隔绝) and inactive.
Led by Professor Phil Blythe, the Newcastle team are developing in-vehicle technologies for older drivers which they hope could help them to continue driving into later life.
These include custom-made navigation (导航) tools, night vision systems and intelligent speed adaptations. Phil Blythe explains: “For many older people, particularly those living alone or in the country, driving is important for preserving their independence, giving them the freedom to get out and about without having to rely on others.”
“But we all have to accept that as we get older our reactions slow down and this often results in people avoiding any potentially challenging driving conditions and losing confidence in their driving skills. The result is that people stop driving before they really need to.”
Dr Amy Guo, the leading researcher on the older driver study, explains, “The Drive LAB is helping us to understand what the key points and difficulties are for older drivers and how we might use technology to address these problems.
“For example, most of us would expect older drivers always go slower than everyone else but surprisingly, we found that in 30mph zones they struggled to keep at a constant speed and so were more likely to break the speed limit and be at risk of getting fined. We’re looking at the benefits of systems which control their speed as a way of preventing that.
“We hope that our work will help with technological solutions (解决方案) to ensure that older drivers stay safer behind the wheel.”
32. What is the purpose of the Drive LAB?
A. To explore newmeans of transport.       B. To design new types of cars.
C. To find out older driver’s problems.      D. To teach people traffic rules.
33. Why is driving important for older people according to Phil Blythe?
A. It keeps them independent.      B. It helps them save time.
C. It builds up their strength.       D. It cures their mental illnesses.
34. What do researchers hope to do for older drivers?
A. Improve their driving skills.         B. Develop driver-assist technologles.
C. Provide tips on repairing their cars.   D. Organize regular physical checkups.
35. What is the best title for the text?
A. A new Model Electric Car      B. A Solution to Traffic Problem
C. Driving Service for elders      D. Keeping Older Drivers on the Road


Answers:
['C', 'A', 'B', 'D']

Analysis:
【解答】CABD
32．C 细节理解题．根据第一段句子in order to understand the challenges faced by older drivers and to discover where the key stress points are. 为了了解老年司机面临的挑战，并找出关键的重点在哪里．所以答案选C．
33．A 细节理解题．根据句子driving is important for preserving their independence, giving them the freedom to get out and about without having to rely on others.驾驶对于保持他们的独立性是很重要的，让他们有自由进出的自由，而不必依赖他人．可见让他们保持独立很重要，所以答案选A．
34．B We hope that our work will help with technological solutions（解决方案）to ensure that older drivers stay safer behind the wheel.我们希望，我们的工作将借助于技术解决方案，以确保老司机在车轮后面更安全．可见辅助技术的发展是他们的希望，所以答案选B．
35．D 标题考查题．本文主要写了研究人员了解老司机的在驾驶过程中的挑战，发展新的车辆技术，希望能让年老的司机继续开车到晚一点的年龄．所以答案D符合标题．
