Question:
D 
When  a leafy  plant  is under  attack , it doesn’t  sit quietly.  Back  in 1983,  two 
scientists,  Jack Schultz  and Ian Baldwin,  reported  that young  maple  trees  getting  
bitten  by insects  send out a particular  smell  that neighboring  plants  can get. These  
  chemicals  come  from  the injured  parts  of the plant  and seem  to be an alarm.  What  the 
plants  pump  through  the air is a mixture  of chemicals  known  as volatile  organic  
compounds,  VOCs  for short.  
Scientists  have  found  that all kinds  of plants  give out VOCs  when  being  
attacked.  It’s a plant’s  way of crying  out. But is anyone  listening?  Apparently.  
Because  we can watch  the neighbours  react.  
Some  plants  pump  out smelly  chemicals  to keep  insects  away.  But others  do 
double  duty.  They  pump  out perfumes  designed  to attract  different  insects  who are 
natural  enemies  to the attackers.  Once  they arrive,  the tables  are turned . The attacker  
who was lunching  now becomes  lunch.  
In study  after study,  it appears  that these  chemical  conversations  help the 
neighbors.  The damage  is usually  more  serious  on the first plant,  but the neighbors,  
relatively  speaking,  stay safer  because  they heard  the alarm  and knew  what  to do. 
Does  this mean  that plants  talk to each other?  Scientists  don’t  know.  Maybe  the 
first plant  just made  a cry of pain or was sending  a message  to its own branches,  and 
so, in effect,  was talking  to itself.  Perhaps  the neighbors  just happened  to “overhear”  
the cry. So information  was exchanged,  but it wasn’t  a true, intentional  back  and 
forth.  
Charles  Darwin,  over 150 years  ago, imagined  a world  far busier,  noisier  and 
more  intimate  (亲密的 ) than the world  we can see and hear.  Our senses  are weak.  
There’s  a whole  lot going  on. 
32. What  does a plant  do when  it is under  attack?  
A. It makes  noises.      B. It gets help from  other  plants.  
C. It stands  quietly      D. It sends  out certain  chemicals.  
33. What  does the author  mean  by “the tables  are turned”  in paragraph  3? 
A. The attackers  get attacked.  
B. The insects  gather  under  the table.  
C. The plants  get ready  to fight  back.  
D. The perfumes  attract  natural  enemies.  
34. Scientists  find from  their studies  that plants  can           . 
  A. predict  natural  disasters            B. protect  themselves  against  insects  
C. talk to one another  intentionally      D. help their neighbors  when  necessary  
35. What can we infer  from  the last paragraph?  
A. The world is changing  faster  than ever.  
B. People  have  stronger  senses  than before  
C. The world  is more  complex  than it seems  
D. People  in Darwin’s  time were  more  imaginative.


Answers:
['D', 'A', 'B', 'C']

Analysis:
32. D 细节理解题 . 根据第一段句子 reported  that young  maple  trees  getting  bitten  
by insects  send out a particular  smell  that neighboring  plants  can get报道称，被昆虫
叮咬的年轻枫树发出了附近植物能闻到的特殊气味 . These  chemicals  come  from  
the injured  parts  of the plant  and seem  to be an alarm可知当受到伤害时会分泌一种
  特殊的化学物质， 所以答案选 D.
33. A 词义猜测题 . 根据句子 Once  they arrive , the tables  are turned . The attacker  
who was lunching  now becomes  lunch一旦他们到达这里 ，这些攻击者就会成为植
物的午餐，可以看出攻击者就会成为被攻击者的意思， 所以答案选 A.
34. B 细节理解题 . 根据文章第三段  In study  after study , it appears  that these  
chemical  conversations  help the neighbors . The damage  is usually  more  serious  on the 
first plant , but the neighbors , relatively  speaking , stay safer  because  they heard  the 
alarm  and knew  what  to do. 可知植物在必要的时候会通过分泌化学物质，通知周
围的植物保持警惕 . 所以答案选 B.
35. C 推理判断题 . 根据文章最后一句 imagined  a world  far busier , noisier  and more  
intimate（亲密的） than the world  we can see and hear. Our senses  are weak . There ’s 
a whole  lot going  on. 可知这个世界远比我们看到的听到的更热闹，更亲密 . 我们
的认知能力有限，有很多事仍在继续发生，远比我们想象的更复杂 . 所以答案选
C.
