Question:
D 
  A buld-it-yourself  solar  still（蒸馏器 ）is one of the best ways  to obtain  drinking  
water  in areas  where  the liquid  is not readily  available.  Developed  by two doctors  in 
the U.S. Department  of Agriculture,  it’s an excellent  water  collector.  Unfortunately,  
you must  carry  the necessary  equipment  with you, since  it’s all but impossible  to find 
natural  substitutes.  The only components  required,  though,  are a 5'×5'  sheet  of clear  or 
slightly  milky  plastic,  six feet of plastic  tube,  and a container  — perhaps  just a 
drinking  cup — to catch  the water.  These  pieces  can be folded  into a neat little pack  
and fastened  on your belt. 
    To construct  a working  still, use a sharp  stick  or rock to dig a hole four feet 
across  and three  feet deep.  Try to make  the hole in a damp  area to increase  the water  
catcher’s  productivity.  Place  your cup in the deepest  part of the hole.  Then  lay the 
tube in place  so that one end rests all the way in the cup and the rest of the line runs 
up — and out — the side of the hole.  
Next,  cover  the hole with the plastic  sheet,  securing  the edges  of the plastic  with 
dirt and weighting  the sheet’s  center  down  with a rock.  The plastic  should  now form  a 
cone  (圆锥体 ) with 45-degree-angled  sides.  The low point  of the sheet  must  be 
centered  directly  over,  and no more  than three  inches  above,  the cup.  
The solar  still works  by creating  a greenhouse  under  the plastic.  Ground  water  
evaporates  (蒸发 ) and collects  on the sheet  until small  drops  of water  form,  run down  
the material  and fall off into the cup. When  the container  is full, you can suck the 
refreshment  out through  the tube,  and won’t  have  to break  down  the still every  time 
you need  a drink.   
32. What  do we know  about  the solar  still equipment  from  the first paragraph?  
A. It’s delicate.    B. It’s expensive.    C. It’s complex.    D. It’s portable.  
33. What  does the underlined  phrase  “the water  catcher”  in paragraph  2 refer  to? 
A. The tube.       B. The still.       C. The hole.       D. The cup. 
34. What’s  the last step of constructing  a working  solar  still?  
A. Dig a hole of a certain  size.       B. Put the cup in place.  
C. Weight  the sheet’s  center  down.     D. Cover  the hole with the plastic  sheet.  
35. When  a solar  still works,  drops  of water  come  into the cup form           . 
  A. the plastic  tube            B. outside  the hole 
C. the open  air               D. beneath  the sheet


Answers:
['D', 'B', 'C', 'D']

Analysis:
32．D  细节理解题．根据第一段第三句前半句  Unfortunately , you must  carry  the 
necessary  equipment  with you …可知，太阳能蒸馏器设备必须被携带，因此其是
可以携带的，其余选项文章均未提及， 故正确答案为 D．
33．B  推理判断题．根据第二段划线词组前面的句子可知，其为蒸馏器的制作
过程以及放置地点．后面的  increase  productivity  为增加产量，因此可以推断该
词组为蒸馏器， 故正确答案为 B．
34．C  细节理解题．根据文章第三段第一句后半句  …weighting  the sheet ’s center  
down  with a rock 可知，用石头让塑料布中心下降是制造太阳能蒸馏器的最后一
步，后文没有再介绍制造过程， 故正确答案为 C．
35．D 细节理解题 ．根据文章随后一段第二句  Ground  water  evaporates  and collects  
on the sheet  until small  drops  of water  form , run down  the material  and fall off into 
the cup 可知，地面上的水蒸发并且在塑料布上，形成小水滴后落在杯子里，因
此可以得知水滴来自塑料布下方， 故正确答案为 D．
