Question:
C 
Some  of the world’s  most  famous  musicians  recently  gathered  in Paris  and New  
Orleans  to celebrate  the first annual  International  Jazz Day.  UNESCO(  United  
Nations  Educational,  Scientific  and Cultural  Organization)  recently  set April  30 as a 
day to raise  awareness  of jazz music,  its significance,  and its potential  as a unifying  (
联合 ) voice  across  cultures.  
Despite  the celebrations,  though,  in the U.S. the jazz audience  continues  to 
shrink  and grow  older,  and the music  has failed  to connect  with younger  generations.  
It’s Jason  Moran’s  job to help change  that. As the Kennedy  Center’s  artistic  
adviser  for jazz, Moran  hopes  to widen  the audience  for jazz, make  the music  more  
accessible,  and preserve  its history  and culture.  
“Jazz  seems  like it’s not really  a part of the American  appetite,”  Moran  tells 
National  Public  Radio’s  reporter  Neal  Conan.  “What  I’m hoping  to accomplish  is that 
my generation  and younger  start to reconsider  and understand  that jazz is not black  
and write  anymore.  It’s actually  color,  and it’s actually  digital.”  
  Moran  says one of the problems  with jazz today  is that the entertainment  aspect  
of the music  has been  lost. “The  music  can’t  be presented  today  the way it was in 
1908  or 1958.  It has to continue  to move,  because  the way the world  works  is not the 
same,”  says Moran.  
Last year,  Moran  worked  on a project  that arranged  Fats Waller’s  music  for a 
dance  party,  “Just  to kind of put it back  in the mind  that Waller  is dance  music  as 
much  as it is concert  music,”  says Moran.  “For me, it’s the recontextualization.  In 
music,  where  does the emotion  (情感 ) lie? Are we, as humans,  gaining  any insight  (
感悟 ) on how to talk about  ourselves  and how something  as abstract  as a Charlie  
Parker  record  gets us into a dialogue  about  our emotions  and our thoughts?  
Sometimes  we lose sight  that the music  has a wider  context,”  says Moran,  “so I want  
to continue  those  dialogues.  Those  are the things  I want  to foster.”  
28. Why  did UNESCO  set April  30 as International  Jazz Day?  
A. To remember  the birth  of jazz. 
B. To protect  cultural  diversity.  
C. To encourage  people  to study  music.  
D. To recognize  the value  of jazz. 
29. What  does the underlined  word  “that”  in paragraph  3 refer  to? 
A. Jazz becoming  more  accessible.  
B. The production  of jazz growing  faster.  
C. Jazz being  less popular  with the young.  
D. The jazz audience  becoming  larger.   
30. What  can we infer  about  Moran’s  opinion  on jazz?  
A. It will disappear  gradually.          B. It remains  black  and white.  
C. It should  keep  up with the times.     D. It changes  every  50 years.  
31. Which  of the following  can be the best title for the text?  
A. Exploring  the Future  of Jazz.     B. The Rise and Fall of Jazz.  
C. The Story  of a Jazz Musician.     D. Celebrating  the Jazz Day.


Answers:
['D', 'C', 'C', 'A']

Analysis:
28．D 细节理解题 ．根据第一段最后一句  …set  April  30 as a day to raise  awareness  
of jazz music , its significance , and its potential  as a unifying（联合） voice  across  
cultures  可知，教科文组织将 4月30日定为国际爵士乐节，是为了让人们意识
到爵士乐的意义与价值．  故正确答案为 D．
29．C 推理判断题．根据第二段 …music  has failed  to connect  with younger  
generations 此处  that 指代上一句  爵士乐在年轻一代不受欢迎， 所以此处 C项"
爵士乐不太受年轻人欢迎 "，符合题意． 故正确答案为 C．
30．C 推理判断题．根据第五段  It has to continue  to move , because  the way the 
world  works  is not the same  可知  Moran  认为爵士乐要与时俱进， C项意为 "跟上
  时代的步伐 "符合题意． 故正确答案为 C．
31．A 标题判断题．本文主要讲， 教科文组织将 4月30日定为国际爵士乐节，
让人们意识到爵士乐的意义与价值，以及改善爵士乐不受年轻人的欢迎的处境 ，
探索爵士乐的未来． A项， "探索爵士乐的未来 "符合题意． 故正确答案为 A．
