Question:
A 
 Washington,  D.C.  Bicycle  Tours  
Cherry  Blossom  Bike  Tour  in Washington,  D.C.  
Duration  Tour  
This small  group  bike tour is a fantastic  way to see a world-famous  cherry  trees  
with beautiful  flowers  of Washington,  D.C.  Your  guide  will provide  a history  lesson  
about  the trees  and the famous  monuments  where  they blossom.  Reserve  your spot 
before  availability  — the cherry  blossoms  — disappear!  
Washington  Capital  Monuments  Bicycle  Tour  
Duration:  3 hours  (4 miles)  
Join a guided  bike tour and view  some  of the most  popular  monuments  in 
Washington,  D.C.  Explore  the monuments  and memorials  on the National  Mall  as 
your guide  shares  unique  facts  and history  at each stop.  Guided  tour includes  bike,  
helmet,  cookies  and bottled  water.  
Capital  City Bike  Tour  In Washington,  D.C.  
Duration:  3 hours   
Morning  or Afternoon,  this bike tour is the perfect  tour for D.C.  newcomers  and 
locals  looking  to experience  Washington,  D.C.  in a healthy  way with minimum  effort.  
Knowledgeable  guides  will entertain  you with the most,  interesting  stories  about  
Presidents,  Congress,  memorials,  and parks.  Comfortable  bikes  and a smooth  tour 
route  (路线 ) make  cycling  between  the sites fun and relaxing.  
Washington  Capital  Sites  at Night  Bicycle  Tour    
Duration:  3 hours  (7miles)  
Join a small  group  bike tour for an evening  of exploration  in the heart  of 
Washington,  D.C.  Get up close  to the monuments  and memorials  as your bike the 
  sites of Capitol  Hill and the National  Mall.  Frequent  stops  are made  for photo  taking  
as your guide  offers  unique  facts  and history.  Tour  includes  bike,  helmet,  and bottled  
water.  All riders  are equipped  with reflective  vests  and safety  lights.  
21.Which  tour do you need  to book  in advance?  
A. Cherry  Blossom  like Tour  in Washington,  D.C.  
B. Washington  capital  Monuments  Bicycle  Tour.  
C. Capital  City Bike  Tour  in Washington,  D.C.  
D. Washington  Capital  Sites  at Night  Bicycle  Tour.  
22.What  will you do on the Capital  City Bike  Tour?   
A. Meet  famous  people.             B. Go to a national  park.  
C. Visit  well-known  museums.       D. Enjoy  interesting  stories.  
23.Which  of the following  does the bicycle  tour at night  provide?  
A. City maps.  B. Cameras.       C. Meals        D. Safety  lights


Answers:
['A', 'D', 'D']

Analysis:
21．A．细节理解题 ．在Cherry  Blossom  Bike  Tour  in Washington , D.C.中Reserve  
your spot before  availability  --- and the cherry  blossoms  disappear! 可知樱花消失之
前要提前预定自己的位置， 故答案为 A．
22．D．细节理解题．根据  Knowledgeable  guides  will entrtain  you with the most  
interesting  stories  about  Presidents , Congress , memorials , and parks可知知识渊博的
导游会给你带来最有趣的关于总统 、国会、纪念馆和公园的故事 ，由此判断答案
为D．
23．D．细节理解题． 根据 All riders  are equipped  with reflective  vests  and safety  
lights可知所有骑手都配有反光背心和安全灯， 由此判断答案为 D．
