Question:
根据短文内容 ，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项 。选项中有
两项为多余选项。  
If you are already  making  the time to exercise,  it is good  indeed!  With  such busy  
lives,  it can be hard to try and find the time to work  out.   36   Working  out in the 
morning  provides  additional  benefits  beyond  being  physically  fit. 
● Your  productivity  is improved.  Exercising  makes  you more  awake  and ready  
to handle  whatever  is ahead  of you for the day.   37   
● Your  metabolism  (新陈代谢 ) gets a head  start.    38   If you work  out in the 
mornings,  then you will be getting  the calorie  (卡路里 ) burning  benefits  for the 
whole  day, not in your sleep.  
●   39   Studies  found  that people  who woke  up early  for exercise  slept  better  
than those  who exercised  in the evening.  Exercise  energizes  you, so it is more  
difficult  to relax  and have  a peaceful  sleep  when  you are very excited.  
●   40   If you work  out bright  and early  in the morning,  you will be more  
likely  to stick  to healthy  food choices  throughout  the day. Who  would  want  to ruin 
their good  workout  by eating  junk food?  You will want  to continue  to focus  on 
positive  choices.  
There  are a lot of benefits  to working  out, especially  in the mornings.  Set your 
alarm  clock  an hour early  and push  yourself  to work  out! You will feel energized  all 
day long.  
A. You will stick  to your diet. 
B. Your  quality  of sleep  improves.  
C. You prefer  healthy  food to fast food.  
D. There  is no reason  you should  exercise  in the morning.  
E. You can keep  your head  clear  for 4-10 hours  after exercise.  
F. After  you exercise,  you continue  to burn calories  throughout  the day. 
G. If you are planning  to do exercise  regularly,  or you’re  doing  it now,  then listen  up!


Answers:
['G', 'E', 'F', 'B', 'A']

Analysis:
36. G．考查上下文推理能力 ．根据空前的内容 "生活忙碌没有时间锻炼 "和空后的
内容 "晨练除了身体健康之外 ，还能带来其他好处 "，下文接着列举了晨练的其他
好处．由此可知 ，此处缺一个承上启下句 ．G项中 then listen  up!（那么请仔细听
!）很好的起到了承上启下的作用． 故选 G．
37．E．考查上下文推理能力 ．根据上一句 Exercising  makes  you more  awake（锻
炼能让你更清醒 ），E项（你可以在运动后保持头脑清醒 4﹣10个小时． ）是对
上一句的进一步解释． 故选 E．
38．F．考查上下文推理能力．空前句子是本段的主题句，晨练是新陈代谢的开
始，空后句子说如果晨练 ，则你会得到卡路里一整天都在燃烧的益处 ，F项（锻
  炼之后，你一整天都在燃烧卡路里． ）是空后句子的根据 ，空后句子是对 F项的
进一步延伸． 故选 F．
39．B．考查上下文推理能力 ．此处缺一个主题句 ．空后句子解释了早起锻炼的
人比晚上锻炼的人睡得更好 ．B项（你的睡眠质量提高了． ）是对后面内容的总
述．故选 B．
40．A．考查上下文推理能力 ．根据空后句子 "If you work  out bright  and early  in the 
morning , you will be more  likely  to stick  to healthy  food choices  throughout  the day．
（如果你在早晨锻炼身体，你将更有可能坚持健康的食物选择．） "，A项（你
将坚持你的饮食． ）符合本段内容 ，是主题句 ，起到统领下文的作用 ．故正确答
案为 A．
