Question:
根据短文内容 ，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项 。选项中有
两项为多余选项。  
Color  is fundamental  in home  design  — something  you’ll  always  have  in every  
room.  A grasp  of how to manage  color  in your spaces  is one of the first steps  to 
creating  rooms  you’ll  love to live in. Do you want  a room  that’s  full of life? 
Professional?  Or are you just looking  for a place  to relax  after a long day?    36   , 
color  is the key to making  a room  feel the way you want  it to feel. 
Over  the years,  there  have  been  a number  of different  techniques  to help 
  designers  approach  this important  point.     37   , they can get a little complex.  But 
good  news  is that there’re  really  only three  kinds  of decisions  you need  to make  about  
color  in your home:  the small  ones,  the medium  ones,  and the large  ones.  
   38   . They’re  the little spots  of color  like throw  pillows,  mirrors  and 
baskets  that most  of us use to add visual  interest  to our rooms.  Less tiring  than 
painting  your walls  and less expensive  than buying  a colorful  sofa,  small  color  
choices  bring  with them  the significant  benefit  of being  easily  changeable.  
Medium  color  choices  are generally  furniture  pieces  such  as sofas , dinner  
tables  or bookshelves     39   . They  require  a bigger  commitment  than smaller  
ones , and they have  a more  powerful  effect  on the feeling  of a space.  
The large  color  decisions  in your  rooms  concern  the walls , ceilings , and 
floors . Whether  you’re looking  at wallpaper  or paint , the time, effort  and relative  
expense  put into it are significant .    40   . 
A. While  all of them  are useful   
B. Whatever  you’re  looking  for  
C. If you’re  experimenting  with a color   
D. Small  color  choices  are the ones we’re  most  familiar  with  
E. It’s not really  a good  idea to use too many  small  color  pieces   
F. So it pays to be sure,  because  you want  to get it right  the first time  
G. Color  choices  in this range  are a step up from  the small  ones in two major  ways


Answers:
['B', 'A', 'D', 'G', 'F']

Analysis:
36．B．考查上下文推理能力．上文提到  “Do you want  a room  that’s full of life?” 
以及  “Or are you just looking  for a place  to relax  after a long day?” 下文提到  “color  
is the key”，B项意为 "无论你在寻找什么 ．"承接上文 ，并且引出下文 ，符文语境
．故正确答案为 B．
37．A．考查上下文推理能力 ．下文提到 "they  can get a little complex ." A项意为 "
尽管它们都有用． "引出下文，符合语境． 故正确答案为 A．
38．D．考查上下文推理能力 ．上文提到 "the small  ones; the medium  ones; and the 
large  ones." D项意为 "小色块选择是我们最熟悉的 "，承接上文中出现的第一个  
"the small  ones"，符合语境． 故正确答案为 D．
39．G．考查上下文推理能力．下文提到 "They  require  a bigger  commitment  than 
smaller  ones, and they have  a more  powerful  effect  on the feeling  of a space ." G项意
为"这方面的颜色选择是在小色块颜色选择上有两方面升级 "，符合语境 ．故正确
答案为 G．
40．F．考查上下文推理能力 ．下文提到 "The  time, effort  and relative  expense  put into 
it are significant ." F项意为 "所以你这些事一定是有报答的 ，因为你从一开始就想
让它在正常的轨道上． "符合语境． 故正确答案为 F．
