Question:
B 
Good  Morning  Britain ’s Susanna  Reid  is used to grilling  guests  on the sofa every  
morning,  but she is cooking  up a storm  in her latest  role — showing  families  how to 
prepare  delicious  and nutritious  meals  on a tight budget.  
In Save  Money:  Good  Food , she visits  a different  home  each week  and with the 
help of chef Matt  Tebbutt  offers  top tips on how to reduce  food waste,  while  
preparing  recipes  for under  £5 per family  a day. And the Good  Morning  Britain  
presenter  says she’s  been  able to put a lot of what  she’s  leant  into practice  in her own 
home,  preparing  meals  for sons,  Sam,  14, Finn,  13, and Jack,  11. 
“We love Mexican  churros,  so I buy them  on my phone  from  my local  Mexican  
takeaway  restaurant, ” she explains.  “I pay £5 for a portion  (一份 ), but Matt  makes  
them  for 26p a portion,  because  they are flour,  water,  sugar  and oil. Everybody  can 
buy takeaway  food,  but sometimes  we’re  not aware  how cheaply  we can make  this 
food ourselves. ” 
The eight-part  series  (系列节自 ), Save  Money:  Good  Food , follows  in the 
footsteps  of ITV’s  Save  Money:  Good  Health , which  gave  viewers  advice  on how to 
  get value  from  the vast range  of health  products  on the market.  
With  food our biggest  weekly  household  expense,  Susanna  and Matt  spend  time 
with a different  family  each week.  In tonight’s  Easter  special  they come  to the aid of a 
family  in need  of some  delicious  inspiration  on a budget.  The team  transforms  the 
family’s  long weekend  of celebration  with less expensive  but still tasty  recipes.  
24. What  do we know  about  Susanna  Reid?   
A. She enjoys  embarrassing  her guests.       
B. She has started  a new programme.  
C. She dislikes  working  early  in the morning.       
D. She has had a light budget  for her family.  
25. How  does Matt  Tebbutt  help Susanna?  
A. He buys  cooking  materials  for her.      
B. He prepares  food for her kids.  
C. He assists  her in cooking  matters.        
D. He invites  guest  families  for her. 
26. What  does the author  intend  to do in paragraph  4?  
A. Summarize  the previous  paragraphs.       
B. Provide  some  advice  for the readers.  
C. Add some  background  information.       
D. Introduce  a new topic  for discussion.  
27. What  can be a suitable  title for the text?   
A. Keeping  Fit by Eating  Smart         
B. Balancing  Our Daily  Diet 
C. Making  yourself  a Perfect  Chef        
D. Cooking  Well  for Less


Answers:
['B', 'C', 'C', 'D']

Analysis:
24．B．推理判断题． 根据第一段 but she is cooking  up a storm  in her latest  role --- 
showing  families  how to prepare  delicious  and nutritious  meals  on a tight budget可知
她最近的角色就是烹饪 ---向家庭展示如何在预算紧张的情况下准备美味的营养
餐，由此判断她开办了一个新的节目， 故答案为 B．
25．C．细节理解题 ．根据 she visits  a different  home  each week  and with the help of 
chef Matt  Tebbutt  offers  top tips on how to reduce  food waste可知 Matt  Tebbutt是
在烹饪方面为 Susanna提供帮助， 故答案为 C．
26．C．段落大意题 ．根据第四段 The eight -part series  （系列节目 ）, Save  Money : 
Good  Food , follows  in the footsteps  of ITV’s Save  Money . Good  Health , which  gave  
viewers  advice  on how to get value  from  the vast range  of health  products  on the 
  market可知本段介绍了 Save  Money的一些背景信息， 故答案为 C．
27．D．标题归纳题 ．本文介绍了由 Susanna主持的一档新的节目 Good  Morning  
Britain，节目中她向观众展示如何在预算紧张的情况下准备美味的营养餐 ，该节
目可以让观众花最少的钱却仍可以品尝美食， 所以最佳标题是 Cooking  Well  for 
Less，故答案为 D．
