Question:
D 
We’ve  all been  there:  in a lift, in line at the bank  or on an airplane,  surrounded  
by people  who are, like us, deeply  focused  on their smartphones  or, worse,  struggling  
with the uncomfortable  silence.  
What’s  the problem?  It’s possible  that we all have  compromised  conversational  
intelligence.  It’s more  likely  that none  of us start a conversation  because  it’s 
awkward  and challenging,  or we think  it’s annoying  and unnecessary.  But the next 
time you find yourself  among  strangers,  consider  that small  talk is worth  the trouble.  
Experts  say it’s an invaluable  social  practice  that results  in big benefits.  
Dismissing  small  talk as unimportant  is easy,  but we can’t  forget  that deep  
relationships  wouldn’t  even  exist  if it weren’t  for casual  conversation.  Small  talk is 
the grease  (润滑剂 ) for social  communication,  says Bernardo  Carducci,  director  of 
the Shyness  Research  Institute  at Indiana  University  Southeast.  “Almost  every  great  
love story  and each big business  deal begins  with small  talk,”  he explains.  “The  key 
to successful  small  talk is learning  how to connect  with others,  not just communicate  
with them.”  
In a 2014  study,  Elizabeth  Dunn,  associate  professor  of psychology  at UBC,  
invited  people  on their way into a coffee  shop.  One group  was asked  to seek out an 
interaction  (互动 ) with its waiter;  the other,  to speak  only when  necessary.  The 
results  showed  that those  who chatted  with their server  reported  significantly  higher  
positive  feelings  and a better  coffee  shop  experience.  “It’s not that talking  to the 
waiter  is better  than talking  to your husband,”  say Dunn.  “But  interactions  with 
peripheral  (边缘的 ) members  of our social  network  matter  for our well-being  also.”  
Dunn  believes  that people  who reach  out to strangers  feel a significantly  greater  
sense  of belonging,  a bond  with others.  Carducci  believes  developing  such a sense  of 
belonging  starts  with small  talk. “Small  talk is the basis  of good  manners,”  he says.  
32. What  phenomenon  is described  in the first paragraph?  
A. Addiction  to smartphones.  
B. Inappropriate  behaviours  in public  places.  
C. Absence  of communication  between  strangers.  
D. Impatience  with slow  service.  
33. What  is important  for successful  small  talk according  to Carducci?  
A. Showing  good  manners.     B. Relating  to other  people.  
C. Focusing  on a topic.      D. Making  business  deals.  
34. What  does the coffee-shop  study  suggest  about  small  talk?  
A. It improves  family  relationships.   B. It raises  people’s  confidence.  
C. It matters  as much  as formal  talk.  D. It makes  people  feel good.  
35. What  is the best title for the text?  
A. Conversation  Counts      B. Ways  of Making  Small  Talk 
C. Benefits  of Small  Talk     D. Uncomfortable  Silence


Answers:
['C', 'B', 'D', 'C']

Analysis:
32．C．细节理解题 ．根据文章第一段可知 ，该段描述的情景是人们在公共场所
不是玩手机就是尴尬地沉默，没有和其他人交流． C项意为 "不与陌生人交流 "．
符合原文描述 ．故C项正确．A项意为 "沉迷智能手机 "．这只是作者描绘的场景
  之一，故A项错误．B项意为 "公众场合不良行为 "．文中未提及 ．故B项错误．
D项意为 "对低效的服务不耐烦 "．文中未提及． 故D项错误． 故正确答案为 C．
33．B．细节理解题 ．根据文章第三段最后一句话  The key to successful  small  talk 
is learning  how to connect  with others , not just communicate  with them  可知，成功
的关键是与他人产生联结． 故正确答案为 B．
34．D．细节理解题．根据文章第四段第三句  The results  showed  that those  who 
chatted  with their server  reported  significantly  higher  positive  feelings  and a better  
coffee  shop  experience  可知，与店员交谈后的顾客会对服务更满意，且对在咖啡
店的服务体验更满意． 故正确答案为 D．
35．C．标题判断题 ．根据文章可知 ，作者从公共场合人与人极少交谈的场景开
始，逐步论述闲聊的益处．故本题答案应围绕 "闲聊的益处 "展开． A项，意为 "
对话很重要 "．B项，意为 "闲聊的方法 "．C项，意为 "闲聊的益处 "．D项，意为
"令人不适的寂静 "．故正确答案为 C．
