Question:
B 
Many  of us love July because  it’s the month  when  nature’s  berries  and stone  
fruits  are in abundance.  These  colourful  and sweet  jewels  from  British  Columbia’s  
fields  are little powerhouses  of nutritional  protection.  
Of the common  berries,  strawberries  are highest  in vitamin  C, although,  because  
of their seeds,  raspberries  contain  a little more  protein  (蛋白质 ), iron and zinc (not 
that fruits  have  much  protein).  Blueberries  are particularly  high in antioxidants  (抗氧
化 物 质 ). The yellow  and orange  stone  fruits  such as peaches  are high in the 
carotenoids  we turn into vitamin  A and which  are antioxidants.  As for cherries  (樱桃
), they are so delicious  who cares?  However,  they are rich in vitamin  C. 
When  combined  with berries  or slices  of other  fruits,  frozen  bananas  make  an 
excellent  base for thick,  cooling  fruit shakes  and low fat “ice cream”.  For this 
purpose,  select  ripe bananas  for freezing  as they are much  sweeter.  Remove  the skin 
and place  them  in plastic  bags or containers  and freeze.  If you like, a squeeze  of fresh  
lemon  juice  on the bananas  will prevent  them  turning  brown.  Frozen  bananas  will last 
several  weeks,  depending  on their ripeness  and the temperature  of the freezer.  
If you have  a juicer , you can simply  feed in frozen  bananas  and some  berries  or 
sliced  fruit.  Out comes  a “soft-serve”  creamy  dessert,  to be eaten  right  away.  This 
makes  a fun activity  for a children’s  party;  they love feeding  the fruit and frozen  
bananas  into the top of the machine  and watching  the ice cream  come  out below.  
24. What  does the author  seem  to like about  cherries?  
A. They  contain  protein.     B. They  are high in vitamin  A. 
C. They  have  a pleasant  taste.    D. They  are rich in antioxidants.  
25. Why  is fresh  lemon  juice  used in freezing  bananas?  
A. To make  them  smell  better.   B. To keep  their colour.  
C. To speed  up their ripening.   D. To improve  their nutrition.  
26. What  is “a juicer”  in the last paragraph?  
A. A dessert.      B. A drink.   C. A container.      D. A machine.  
27. From  which  is the text probably  taken?  
A. A biology  textbook.           B. A health  magazine.  
C. A research  paper.             D. A travel  brochure.


Answers:
['C', 'B', 'D', 'B']

Analysis:
24. C．细节理解题． 根据第二段 As for cherries  （樱桃），  they are so delicious  
who cares？可知至于樱桃 ，它们好吃极了 ，谁在乎呢？由此判断 ，作者喜欢樱桃
是因为它非常美味，口感极好， 故答案为 C．
25．B．细节理解题 ．根据第三段 If you like， a squeeze  of fresh  lemon  juice  on the 
bananas  will prevent  them  turning  brown如果你喜欢 ，香蕉上放上新鲜柠檬汁会防
止他们变成棕色，可知新鲜的柠檬汁可以保持香蕉原有的颜色， 故答案为 B．
26．D．词义猜测题． 根据下文 you can simply  feed in frozen  bananas  and some  
berries  or sliced  fruit及the top of the machine  可知， a juicer在此处的意思是一种
机器，用来制作水果冰淇淋， 故答案为 D．
27．B．推理判断题 ．本文介绍了很多人喜欢七月是因为这个时间是大量水果上
市的季节 ，接着具体介绍了各种水果所富含的营养成分 ，及如何制作水果冰淇淋
，由此可以判断这篇文章是关于健康饮食 ，可以从有关健康的杂志看到 ，故答案
  为B．
