Question:
D
During the rosy years of elementary school(小学), I enjoyed sharing my dolls and jokes, which allowed me to keep my high social status. I was the queen of the playground. Then came my tweens and teens, and mean girls and cool kids. They rose in the ranks not by being friendly but by smoking cigarettes, breaking rules and playing jokes on others, among whom I soon found myself.
Popularity is a well-explored subject in social psychology. Mitch Prinstein, a professor of clinical psychology sorts the popular into two categories: the likable and the status seekers. The likables’ plays-well-with-others qualities strengthen schoolyard friendships, jump-start interpersonal skills and, when tapped early, are employed ever after in life and work. Then there’s the kind of popularity that appears in adolescence: status born of power and even dishonorable behavior.
Enviable as the cool kids may have seemed, Dr. Prinstein’s studies show unpleasant consequences. Those who were highest in status in high school, as well as those least liked in elementary school, are “most likely to engage(从事)in dangerous and risky behavior.”
In one study, Dr. Prinstein examined the two types of popularity in 235 adolescents, scoring the least liked, the most liked and the highest in status based on student surveys(调查研究). “We found that the least well-liked teens had become more aggressive over time toward their classmates. But so had those who were high in status. It clearly showed that while likability can lead to healthy adjustment, high status has just the opposite effect on us."
Dr. Prinstein has also found that the qualities that made the neighbors want you on a play date-sharing, kindness, openness — carry over to later years and make you better able to relate and connect with others.
In analyzing his and other research，Dr. Prinstein came to another conclusion: Not only is likability related to positive life outcomes, but it is also responsible for those outcomes, too. "Being liked creates opportunities for learning and for new kinds of life experiences that help somebody gain an advantage, ” he said.
32. What sort of girl was the author in her early years of elementary school?
A. Unkind.	B. Lonely.	C. Generous.	D. Cool.
33. What is the second paragraph mainly about？
A. The classification of the popular.
B. The characteristics of adolescents.
C. The importance of interpersonal skills.
D. The causes of dishonorable behavior.
34. What did Dr. Prinstein’s study find about the most liked kids?
A. They appeared to be aggressive.
B. They tended to be more adaptable.
C. They enjoyed the highest status.
D. They performed well academically.
35. What is the best title for the text?
A. Be Nice-You Won’t Finish Last
B. The Higher the Status, the Beer
C. Be the Best-You Can Make It
D. More Self-Control, Less Aggressiveness


Answers:
['C', 'A', 'B', 'A']

Analysis:
【解析】
这是一篇说明文。文章主要讲到研究表明，对别人好，讨人喜欢对人生活的各个方面有深远的有益影响。
【32题详解】
推理判断题。根据第一段During the rosy years of elementary school, I enjoyed sharing my dolls and jokes, which allowed me to keep my high social status（在美好的小学时光里，我喜欢分享我的娃娃和笑话，这让我保持了高高的社会地位。）由此推断出，作者在小学早期时，是一个慷慨的女孩。unkind不友善的；lonely寂寞的；generous慷慨的；cool冷静的，故选C。
【33题详解】
主旨大意题。第二段Mitch Prinstein, a professor of clinical psychology sorts the popular into two categories: the likable and the status seekers.（临床心理学教授Mitch Prinstein将受欢迎的人分为两类:讨人喜欢的人和追求地位的人。）是段落主题句，本段内容分别对the likable 和the status seekers 做了解释，所以本段主要介绍了两种受欢迎的分类，故选A。
【34题详解】
推理判断题。根据第四段It clearly showed that while likability can lead to healthy adjustment （它清楚地表明，可爱可以促使健全的调整），由此推断出，心理学教授Mitch Prinstein的研究表明，最有人望的孩子适应性更强，故选B。
【35题详解】
主旨大意题。通过阅读全文内容，尤其是最后一段，可知这篇文章主要讲了受欢迎，讨人喜欢对人生活的各个方面有深远的有益影响。与选项A“对别人好——最终，你的收获无穷无尽”一致，故选A。

第二节
