Question:
D
Monkeys seem to have a way with numbers.
A team of researchers trained three Rhesus monkeys to associate 26 clearly different symbols consisting of numbers and selective letters with 0-25 drops of water or juice as a reward. The researchers then tested how the monkeys combined—or added—the symbols to get the reward.
Here's how Harvard Medical School scientist Margaret Livingstone, who led the team, described the experiment: In their cages the monkeys were provided with touch screens. On one part of the screen, a symbol would appear, and on the other side two symbols inside a circle were shown. For example, the number 7 would flash on one side of the screen and the other end would have 9 and 8. If the monkeys touched the left side of the screen they would be rewarded with seven drops of water or juice; if they went for the circle, they would be rewarded with the sum of the numbers—17 in this example.
After running hundreds of tests, the researchers noted that the monkeys would go for the higher values more than half the time, indicating that they were performing a calculation, not just memorizing the value of each combination.
When the team examined the results of the experiment more closely, they noticed that the monkeys tended to underestimate(低估)a sum compared with a single symbol when the two were close in value—sometimes choosing, for example, a 13 over the sum of 8 and 6. The underestimation was systematic: When adding two numbers, the monkeys always paid attention to the larger of the two, and then added only a fraction(小部分)of the smaller number to it.
"This indicates that there is a certain way quantity is represented in their brains, "Dr. Livingstone says. “But in this experiment what they're doing is paying more attention to the big number than the little one.”
32. What did the researchers do to the monkeys before testing them?
A. They fed them.	B. They named them.
C. They trained them.	D. They measured them.
33. How did the monkeys get their reward in the experiment?
A. By drawing a circle.	B. By touching a screen.
C. By watching videos.	D. By mixing two drinks.
34. What did Livingstone's team find about the monkeys?
A. They could perform basic addition.	B. They could understand simple words.
C. They could memorize numbers easily.	D. They could hold their attention for long.
35. In which section of a newspaper may this text appear?
A. Entertainment.	B. Health.	C. Education.	D. Science.


Answers:
['C', 'B', 'A', 'D']

Analysis:
【解析】
这是一篇说明文。研究发现：猴子可以进行基本的加法运算。文章对研究的经过和结论做了介绍和分析。
【32题详解】
细节理解题。根据第二段中的“A team of researchers trained three Rhesus monkeys…The researches then tested how…”可知，在对这些猴子进行测试之前，研究者们对它们进行了培训。故C选项正确。
【33题详解】
细节理解题。根据第三段中的“In their cages the monkeys were provided with touch screen…If the monkeys touched the left side of the screen, they would be rewarded with seven drops…; if they went for the circle, they would be rewarded with…”可知，当猴子触摸屏幕左边时，它们会得到7滴水或者果汁的奖励；当它们触摸屏幕的另一端（即画着圆圈的部分）时，它们会得到17滴水或果汁的奖励。由此可知，猴子是通过触摸屏幕得到奖励的。B选项正确。
【34题详解】
细节理解题。根据第四段“The monkeys would go for the higher values more than half the time, indicating that they were performing a calculation, not just memorizing the value of each combination”和第五段中的“When adding two numbers…”可知，猴子会在超过一半的时间内选择更高的值，这意味着它们在进行计算，而不仅仅是记住每一个组合的值。由此可知，A选项正确：猴子能够进行基本的加法计算。由此亦可以排除C选项。
【35题详解】
推理判断题。通读整篇文章可知，该文介绍的是哈佛医学院的科学家Margaret Livingstone领导的一个研究团队对猴子进行实验得出的研究结果。这属于“科学研究”范畴，故该文应出现在报纸的“科学”板块。故D选项正确。

第二节
