Question:
C
You’ve heard that plastic is polluting the oceans — between 4.8 and 12.7 million tonnes enter ocean ecosystems every year. But does one plastic straw or cup really make a difference? Artist Benjamin Von Wong wants you to know that it does. He builds massive sculptures out of plastic garbage, forcing viewers to re-examine their relationship to single-use plastic products. 
At the beginning of the year, the artist built a piece called “Strawpocalypse,” a pair of 10-foot-tall plastic waves, frozen mid-crash. Made of 168,000 plastic straws collected from several volunteer beach cleanups, the sculpture made its first appearance at the Estella Place shopping center in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. 
Just 9% of global plastic waste is recycled. Plastic straws are by no means the biggest source（来源）of plastic pollution but they’ve recently come under fire because most people don’t need them to drink with and, because of their small size and weight, they cannot be recycled. Every straw that’s part of Von Wong’s artwork likely came from a drink that someone used for only a few minutes. Once the drink is gone, the straw will take centuries to disappear. 
In a piece from 2018, Von Wong wanted to illustrate（说明） a specific statistic: Every 60 seconds, a truckload’s worth of plastic enters the ocean. For this work, titled “Truckload of Plastic,” Von Wong and a group of volunteers collected more than 10,000 pieces of plastic, which were then tied together to look like they’d been dumped（倾倒） from a truck all at once. 
Von Wong hopes that his work will also help pressure big companies to reduce their plastic footprint.
28. What are Von Wong’s artworks intended for?
A. Beautifying the city he lives in.	B. Introducing eco-friendly products.
C. Drawing public attention to plastic waste.	D. Reducing garbage on the beach.
29. Why does the author discuss plastic straws in paragraph 3?
A. To show the difficulty of their recycling.
B. To explain why they are useful.
C. To voice his views on modern art.
D. To find a substitute for them.
30. What effect would “Truckload of Plastic” have on viewers?
A. Calming.	B. Disturbing.
C. Refreshing.	D. Challenging.
31. Which of the following can be the best title for the text?
A. Artists’ Opinions on Plastic Safety
B. Media Interest in Contemporary Art
C. Responsibility Demanded of Big Companies
D. Ocean Plastics Transformed into Sculptures


Answers:
['C', 'A', 'C', 'D']

Analysis:
【解析】
【分析】本文是一篇说明文。文章介绍了艺术家Benjamin Von Wong用塑料垃圾制作了一个巨大的雕塑作品，让人们通过这个雕塑重新审视自己与一次性塑料制品的关系。此外他在2018的一件作品“Truckload of Plastic”说明了每60秒，就有一卡车塑料进入海洋。Von Wong通过用塑料垃圾制造巨型雕塑来唤醒和提高人们的环保意识。
【28题详解】
推理判断题。根据第一段“But does one plastic straw or cup really make a difference? Artist Benjamin Von Wong wants you to know that it does. He builds massive sculptures out of plastic garbage, forcing viewers to re-examine their relationship to single-use plastic products.(但一根塑料吸管或一个塑料杯真的有什么区别吗？艺术家本杰明·冯·王（Benjamin Von Wong）想让你知道，它确实如此。他用塑料垃圾建造巨大的雕塑，迫使观众重新审视他们与一次性塑料产品的关系。)”可知，Von Wong用塑料垃圾制作的雕塑想让人们重新审视与一次性塑料制品的关系，由此可知他做这个雕塑的目的是为了引起公众对塑料垃圾的关注。故选C项。
【29题详解】
推理判断题。根据第三段“Just 9% of global plastic waste is recycled. Plastic straws are by no means the biggest source(来源) of plastic pollution, but they’ve recently come under fire because most people don’t need them to drink with and, because of their small size and weight, they cannot be recycled. Every straw that’s part of Von Wong’s artwork likely came from a drink that someone used for only a few minutes. Once the drink is gone, the straw will take centuries to disappear.(全球只有9%的塑料垃圾被回收。塑料吸管绝不是最大的塑料污染源，但它们最近却受到了抨击，因为大多数人不需要吸管喝饮料，而且由于它们体积小、重量轻，无法回收利用。冯·王作品中的每一根吸管都很可能来自只喝了几分钟的饮料。一旦饮料消失了，吸管也要几个世纪才能消失。)”可知，吸管由于体积小，重量轻，无法回收利用，由此可推知，作者在第三段讨论吸管是为了展示它们回收的困难。故选A项。
【30题详解】
推理判断题。根据倒数第二段“In a piece form 2018, Von Wong wanted to illustrate(说明) a specific statistic: Every 60 seconds, a truckload’s worth of plastic enters the ocean. For this work, titled “Truckload of Plastic,” Von Wong and a group of volunteers collected more than 10,000 pieces of plastic, which were then tied together to look like they’d been dumped(倾倒) from a truck all at once.(在2018年的一个作品中，冯·王(Von Wong)想要说明一个具体的统计数字：每60秒，就有一卡车塑料进入海洋。这项名为“一卡车塑料”的作品，冯·王和一组志愿者收集了一万多块塑料，然后把它们绑在一起，让它们看起来像是同时从卡车上倾倒下来的。)”可知，这个作品以创新的方式让人们了解到塑料垃圾以很快的速度和很大的量倾入海洋，刷新了观众对海洋塑料污染的认知，由此可推断，这个作品会让观众对塑料垃圾进入海洋这件事“耳目一新”。故选C项。
【31题详解】
标题判断题。通读全文，结合第一段“But does one plastic straw or cup really make a difference? Artist Benjamin Von Wong wants you to know that it does. He builds massive sculptures out of plastic garbage, forcing viewers to re-examine their relationship to single-use plastic products.(但一根塑料吸管或一个塑料杯真的有什么区别吗？艺术家本杰明·冯·王(Benjamin Von Wong)想让你知道，它确实如此。他用塑料垃圾建造巨大的雕塑，迫使观众重新审视他们与一次性塑料产品的关系。)”和倒数第二段“In a piece form 2018, Von Wong wanted to illustrate(说明) a specific statistic: Every 60 seconds, a truckload’s worth of plastic enters the ocean. For this work, titled “Truckload of Plastic,” Von Wong and a group of volunteers collected more than 10,000 pieces of plastic, which were then tied together to look like they’d been dumped(倾倒) from a truck all            at once.(在2018年的一个作品中，冯·王(Von Wong)想要说明一个具体的统计数字：每60秒，就有一卡车塑料进入海洋。这项名为“一卡车塑料”的作品，冯·王和一组志愿者收集了一万多块塑料，然后把它们绑在一起，让它们看起来像是同时从卡车上倾倒下来的。)”可知艺术家本杰明·冯·王(Benjamin Von Wong)通过利用塑料垃圾制作巨型雕塑的方法来提示人们重新思考与一次性塑料的关系，唤醒和提高人们循环利用的意识，促进环保的发展。由此可知，D项“海洋塑料变成雕塑”符合文章主旨，适合作为标题。故选D项。
