Question:
C 
It happened  to me recently.  I was telling  someone  how much  I had enjoyed  
reading  Barack  Obama’s  Dreams  From  My Father  and how it had changed  my views  
of our President.  A friend  I was talking  to agreed  with me that it was, in his words,  “a 
brilliantly （精彩地） written  book”.  however,  he then went  on to talk abour  Mr. 
Obama  in a way which  suggested  he had no idea of his background  at all. I sensed  
that I was talking  to a book  liar. 
And it seems  that my friend  is not the only one. Approximately  two thirds  of 
people  have  lied about  reading  a book  which  they haven’t.  In the World  Book  Day’s  
“Report  on Guilty  Secrets”,  Dreams  From  My Father  is at number  9. The report  lists 
ten books,  and various  authors,  which  people  have  lied about  reading,  and as I’m not 
one to lie too often  (I’d hate to be caught  out ), I’ll admit  here and now that I haven’t  
read the entire  top ten. But I am pleased  to say that, unlike  42 percent  of peoplt,  I have  
  read the book  at number  one, George  Orwell’s  1984.  I think  it’s really  brilliant.  
The World  Book  Day report  also has some  other  interesting  information  in it. It 
says that many  people  lie about  having  read jane Austen,  Charles  Dickens,  Fyodor  
Dostoevsky  (I haven’t  read him, but haven’t  lied about  it either)and  Herman  Melville.  
Asked  why they lied, the most  common  reason  was to “impress”  someone  they 
were  speaking  to. This coule  be tricky  if the conversation  became  more  in – depth!  
But when  asked  which  authors  they actually  enjoy,  people  named  J.k. Rowling,  
John  Grisham,  Sophie  Kinsella  (ah, the big sellers,  in other  words).  Forty-two  percent  
of people  asked  admitted  they turned  to the back  of the book  to read the end before  
finishing  the story  (I’ll come  clean:  I do this and am astonished  that 58 percent  said 
they had never  dome  so). 
64. How  did the author  find his friend  a book  liar? 
A. By judging  his manner  of speaking.    B. By looking  into his background.  
C. By mentioning  a famous  name.        D. By discussing  the book  it self. 
65. Which  of the following  is a “guilty  secret”  according  to the World  Book  Day  
report?  
A. Charles  Dickens  is very low on the top-ten  list.  
B. 42% of people  pretended  to have  read 1984.  
C. The author  admitted  having  read 9 books.       
D. Dreams  From  My Father  is hardly  read.  
66. By lying  about  reading,  a person  hopes  to      . 
A. control  the conversation         B. appear  knowledgeable  
C. learn  about  the book            D. make  more  friends  
67. What  is the author’s  attitude  to 58% of readers?  
A. Favorable      B. Uncaring       C. Doubtful       D. Friendly


Answers:
['D', 'B', 'D', 'C']

Analysis:
64．D 细节理解题 ．根据第一段 "However , he then went  on to talk about  Mr. Obama  
in a way which  suggested  he had no idea of his background  at all."可知作者发现朋
友撒谎，是因为朋友对此书的深入讨论暴露了他对奥巴马背景的无知， 故选 D．
65．B 推理判断题．根据第二段 "But I am pleased  to say that, unlike  42 percent  of 
people , I have  read the book  at number  one, George  Orwell ’s 1984 . I think  it’s really  
brilliant ."，并结合上文 "The  report  lists ten books , and various  authors , which  people  
have  lied about  reading"可知作者不像 42%的人一样假装读过乔治 •奥威尔（英国
小说家）的《 1984》，因此可推测出有 42%的人撒谎说读过《 1984》，故选 B．
66．D  细节理解题 ．根据第四段 "Asked  why they lied, the most  common  reason  was 
to ‘impress ’ someone  they were  speaking  to."可知，大多说人撒谎是想要给别人留
下好印象，从而结交更多朋友， 故选 D．
67．C  作者态度题．根据第五段 "I’ll come  clean：I do this and am astonished  that 
58 percent  said they had never  done  so"可知作者对这些人说从未这样做过表示很
惊讶，因此可推知作者对这 58%的人表示怀疑， 故选 C．
