Question:
根据短文内容 ，从短文后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项 ，选项中有
两项为多余选项。  
Secret  codes  (密码 ) keep  messages  private . Banks,  companies,  and government  
agencies  use secret  codes  in doing  business,  especially  when  information  is sent by 
computer.  
People  have  used secret  codes  for thousands  of years.     36    Code  breaking  
never  lags (落后 ) far behind  code  making.  The science  of creating  and reading  coded  
messages  is called  cryptography.  
There  are three  main  types  of cryptography.     37    For example,  the first 
letters  of “My elephant  eats too many  eels”  spell out the hidden  message  “Meet  me.”  
   38    You might  represent  each letter  with a number,  for example.  Let’s  
number  the letters  of the alphabet,  in order,  from  1 to 26. If we substitute  a number  for 
each letter,  the message  “Meet  me” would  read “13 5 5 20 13 5.” 
A code  uses symbols  to replace  words,  phrases,  or sentences.  To read the 
message  of a real code,  you must  have  a code  book.     39    For example,  
“bridge”  might  stand  for “meet”  and “out”  might  stand  for “me.”  The message  
  “Bridge  out” would  actually  mean  “Meet  me.”     40    However,  it is also hard to 
keep  a code  book  secret  for long.  So codes  must  be changed  frequently.  
A. It is very hard to break  a code  without  the code  book.  
B. In any language,  some  letters  are used more  than others.  
C. Only  people  who know  the keyword  can read the message.  
D. As long as there  have  been  codes,  people  have  tried to break  them.  
E. You can hide a message  by having  the first letters  of each word  spell  it out. 
F. With  a code  book,  you might  write  down  words  that would  stand  for other  words.  
G. Another  way to hide a message  is to use symbols  to stand  for specific  letters  of the 
alphabet.


Answers:
['D', 'E', 'G', 'F', 'A']

Analysis:
36．D本题考察是逻辑关系，根据下一句 "code  breaking  never  lags behind  code  
making"可知上一句是只要出现密码，就会有人去解码， 选项 D中的 break与空
格后面句中的 breaking构成一种复现； 故选 D．
37．E 本题考察是句子之间的例证关系，从后面文章的举例中 "For example , the 
first letters  are ‘My elephant  eats too many  eels’ spell  out the hidden  message  ‘Meet  
me.’"那么前一句应该是对例子的概括，即我们可以知道是运用每个单词的首字
母来组成密码， E选项正确
38．G 本题考察是文章的篇章结构，前一段是讲到了第一种方法，根据篇章结
构，下一段应该是讲述第二种设置密码的方法 ，而根据该段的例子 ，即字母表中
字母排列顺序转化成为数字信息， 所以这里关键词是 another  way 还有 alphabet，
故选 G．
39．F 本题考察的是逻辑关系，从上一句 "To read the message  of a real code , you 
must  have  a code  book"你需要借用解码书来找出密码单词所对应真正意思， F选
项表示你应该找出解码书中密码所代表的词语， 故F正确．
40．A 本题考察的是关键词以及转折关系 ，根据下一句出现 "it is also hard to keep  
a code  book  secret  for long,"这里出现了 also hard，所以上一句关键词为 hard；另
外however表示转折关系，证明上一句与下一句表达相对应； 故选 A．
