Question:
C 
Teens  and younger  children  are reading  a lot less for fun, according  to a 
Common  Sense  Media  report  published  Monday.  
While  the decline  over the past decade  is steep  for teen readers,  some  data in the 
report  shows  that reading  remains  a big part of many  children’s  lives,  and indicates  
how parents  might  help encourage  more  reading.  
According  to the report’s  key findings,  “the proportion  (比例 ) who say they 
‘hardly  ever’  read for fun has gone  from  8 percent  of 13-year-olds  and 9 percent  of 
17-year-olds  in 1984  to 22 percent  and 27 percent  respectively  today.”  
The report  data shows  that pleasure  reading  levels  for younger  children,  ages 
2-8, remain  largely  the same.  But the amount  of time spent  in reading  each session  
has declined,  from  closer  to an hour or more  to closer  to a half hour per session.  
When  it comes  to technology  and reading,  the report  does little to counsel  (建议
) parents  looking  for data about  the effect  of e-readers  and tablets  on reading.  It does 
point  out that many  parents  still limit  electronic  reading,  mainly  due to concerns  
about  increased  screen  time.  
The most  hopeful  data shared  in the report  shows  clear  evidence  of parents  
serving  as examples  and important  guides  for their kids when  it comes  to reading.  
Data  shows  that kids and teens  who do read frequently,  compared  to infrequent  
readers,  have  more  books  in the home,  more  books  purchased  for them,  parents  who 
read more  often,  and parents  who set aside  time for them  to read.  
As the end of school  approaches,  and school  vacation  reading  lists loom  (逼近 ) 
ahead,  parents  might  take this chance  to step in and make  their own summer  reading  
list and plan a family  trip to the library  or bookstore.  
28. What  is the Common  Sense  Media  report  probably  about?  
A. Children’s  reading  habits.         B. Quality  of children’s  books.  
C. Children’s  after-class  activities.     D. Parent-child  relationships.  
29. Where  can you find the data that best supports  “children  are reading  a lot less for 
fun”?  
A. In paragraph  2.              B. In paragraph  3. 
C. In paragraph  4.              D. In paragraph  5. 
30. Why  do many  parents  limit  electronic  reading?  
A. E-books  are of poor quality.       B. It could  be a waste  of time.  
C. It may harm  children’s  health.     D. E-readers  are expensive.  
31. How  should  parents  encourage  their children  to read more?  
A. Act as role models  for them.    B. Ask them  to write  book  reports.  
C. Set up reading  groups  for them.    D. Talk with their reading  class  teachers.


Answers:
['A', 'B', 'C', 'A']

Analysis:
28．A推理判断题． 根据文章第一段 Teens  and younger  children  are reading  a lot 
less for fun, according  to a Common  Sense  Media  report  published  Monday可知
Common  Sense  Media的结论是青少年阅读量比以前少了许多，可以推断该媒体
做的是关于儿童的阅读习惯的报道， 故答案为 A．
29．B．推理判断题． 根据第三段 the proportion  （比例）  who say they ‘hardly  
ever’ read for fun has gone  from  8 percent  of 13-year-olds and 9 percent  of 
17-year-olds in 1984  to 22 percent  27 percent  respectively  today可知青少年几乎不
阅读的比列由 1984年的 8%和9%分别上升到现在的 22%和27%，可以得出的结
论是现在的青少年阅读量比以前少了许多， 故答案为 B．
30．C．细节理解题． 根据 It does point  out that many  parents  still limit  electronic  
reading , mainly  due to concerns  about  increased  screen  time家中限制孩子进行电子
  阅读的原因很大程度上是担心电子产品对身体的危害， 故答案为 C．
31．A．推理判断题． 根据 Data  shows  that kids and teens  who do read frequently ，
compared  to infrequent  readers，have  more  books  in the home，more  books  purchased  
for them，parents  who read more  often，and parents  who set aside  time for them  to 
read可知孩子经常阅读的家长也会经常读书 ，说明了家长的榜样作用 ，可以得知
家长要鼓励自己的孩子多读书 ，首先自己也要拿起课本 ，多读书才行 ，故答案为
A．
