FILENAME: Reading_2011_17_AI.txt
YEAR: 2011
CAT: （高考方向）阅读理解模拟
TITLE: Design for the Left-Handed
While standard tools may be efficient, they are just plain uncomfortable it seems for some, particularly when it comes to using office supplies and laboratory equipment.
The Left-Handers Society (LHS), which was formed recently to campaign for the needs of left-handed people, has turned its attention to schools and workplaces. Desks that are the wrong way around, scissors that don't cut well, and computer mice that are hard to use all make life difficult for those who are not right-handed, it says.
But it is not just the "lefties" whose needs are not being met. The number of left-handed students has been increasing, yet the standard design of lecture halls, notebooks, and tools has remained unchanged.
“The design industry says a desk should be flexible for the user, so even a standard desk is falling short for 15% of students, while the usual equipment caters for only the right-handed majority,” said LHS president Mark Davis. “Customizable workspaces would work fine.”
Similarly, kitchen tools can cause endless problems. Standard knives and openers, which mean left-handed users have to adjust their grip awkwardly, are enough to make them seek specialized shops.
Some have already taken note, however. At the City Library, adjustable desks are now put in as standard after requests for better facilities from left-handed visitors, particularly students.
[QUESTIONS]
64. What is the purpose of the LHS campaign?
A. To provide free office tools.
B. To rebuild all city libraries.
C. To draw attention to the needs of left-handers.
D. To encourage people to use their right hand.
65. Which of the following might be a solution according to Mark Davis?
A. Standard desks.
B. Flexible workspaces.
C. Smaller notebooks.
D. Fixed equipment.
66. What may happen to users with standard tools?
A. They may find them hard to use.
B. They may stop using computers.
C. They have to buy more expensive right-handed tools.
D. They have to change their dominant hand.
67. What change has already been made in the City Library?
A. Students pay more for special desks.
B. Adjustable desks have replaced standard ones.
C. Special rooms are kept for right-handers.
D. Only digital books are provided.
[ANALYSIS]
64. C. Main Idea. The text states the LHS "was formed... to campaign for the needs of the left-handed."
65. B. Detail Understanding. Mark Davis says "Customizable (flexible) workspaces would work fine."
66. A. Logical Reasoning. The text mentions standard tools "make life difficult" and are "plain uncomfortable" for left-handers.
67. B. Detail Understanding. The text states "adjustable desks are now put in as standard" at the City Library.