FILENAME: Reading_2017_69_AI.txt
YEAR: 2017
CAT: （新课标ⅲ）阅读模拟
TITLE: Farewell to the Grand Library
Shortly after the last visitor left the Grand Library yesterday, staff were busy packing books and cleaning the reading rooms. It was a task that had been performed thousands of times in the building's 80-year history. This time, however, the work was different. As some workers moved the remaining books, another team began taking down shelves and lamps to prepare for the building’s closure.
The famous book The Old World was the last one checked out from the old library. Even though the book is decades old, the main hall was crowded with emotional residents who wanted to say goodbye to the historic place. Library manager Mr. Harrison said he chose that book as the final checkout because it felt right. The story is about a changing city where an old landmark is about to be closed.
Mr. Harrison explained that new, digital libraries in the city center made it hard for the Grand Library to stay open. He added that the location was also a problem. “This used to be the heart of the community,” he said. “Now the neighborhood is mostly modern apartments and parking lots.”
Last month, some local leaders suggested the city could turn the old library into a small museum or a community center. However, these ideas were dropped because there was not enough money. Mr. Harrison sold the property to a construction company, which plans to build a modern office building on the site.
The visitors watched as Mr. Harrison locked the main doors for the last time. After 80 years, the Grand Library has closed its doors. It will be deeply missed.
[OPTIONS]
24. In what way was yesterday’s work at the Grand Library special?
A. It made room for new books.
B. It signaled the closedown of the library.
C. It was done with the help of the visitors.
D. It marked the 80th anniversary of the library.
Why was the book The Old World chosen?
A. It was a famous classic.
B. It was about the library's history.
C. The visitors requested it.
D. The manager found it suitable.
What will probably happen to the building?
A. It will be repaired.
B. It will be turned into a museum.
C. It will be knocked down.
D. It will be sold to the local government.
What can we infer about the visitors?
A. They are disappointed with Mr. Harrison.
B. They are sad to part with the old library.
C. They are supportive of the city leaders.
D. They are eager to have a new office building.
[ANALYSIS]
24. B. Inference. The removal of shelves and equipment "in preparation for the building's end" indicates the library is closing forever.
25. D. Detail. The manager chose it "because it felt right" (appropriate/suitable) given its theme of a closing landmark.
26. C. Inference. The sale to a company that "plans to build a modern office building" implies the old structure will be demolished.
27. B. Inference. The mention of "teary-eyed/emotional residents wanting to say goodbye" shows their sadness.