FILENAME: Reading_2018_83_AI.txt
YEAR: 2018
CAT: （新课标ⅲ）阅读理解模拟
TITLE: Finding Joy in Simplicity
Many adults feel overwhelmed by the constant stream of digital notifications and physical items. Why do we assume that having more tools or toys is better for our children’s development? The good news is that I have found a way to help my children learn how to get more out of life by owning less.
I found that the weeks before the new school term are a great time to encourage my kids to pass on unused items to others. It actually worked. My daughter, Claire, decided to give a large box of books to a community center for children whose families could not afford new supplies. She also agreed to sell some larger equipment she rarely used when I promised that the money would go into her "Future Career Fund" (she is very serious about becoming an engineer).
For some time, I have been considering a deeper question: How do we make this focus a habit? And how do we teach ourselves to help them rely on fewer things? Recently, I sat with my young son, Leo, to test my theory. I decided to play with him using only a single wooden block for as long as he remained interested. I expected it would last five or ten minutes at most. We stacked it, hid it, moved it around, and even pretended it was a tiny car. It was more than enough for him. Before I realized it, an hour had passed and it was time for his nap.
We both became lost in the simple act of playing together. He had my undivided attention, and I had his. My small experiment to find happiness in a single object worked for both of us.
[QUESTIONS]
What do the words “more is more” in paragraph 1 likely mean?
A. The more, the better.
B. Enough is enough.
C. More things, more worries.
D. Gain more and use more.
What made Claire agree to sell some of her items?
A. Saving for her next project.
B. Helping a community center.
C. Adding money to her fund.
D. Paying for her school books.
Why did the author play with the wooden block with Leo?
A. To test an idea.
B. To show parental care.
C. To improve his skills.
D. To start a new hobby.
Which of the following is a suitable title for the text?
A. Take It or Leave It.
B. Lessons from the Young.
C. Live More with Less.
D. The Power of Sharing.
[ANALYSIS]
32. A. Contextual Meaning. The author questions the assumption that "more is more" when it comes to kids' belongings, implying the common belief that "the more, the better."
33. C. Detail. The text states she sold items because the author promised to put the money into her "Future Career Fund."
34. A. Detail. The author specifically mentions sitting down with Leo "determined to test my own theory on this."
35. C. Main Idea. The text revolves around the concept of living a fuller life with fewer possessions ("live more with less").