FILENAME: Reading_2019_90_AI.txt
YEAR: 2019
CAT: （新课标Ⅱ）阅读理解模拟
TITLE: The Rise of Solo Work
Julia Smith sits at a corner table in a local café, quietly typing on her laptop while she waits for her coffee. What is she working on? It’s her private project. Work time is Julia’s "me" time. And like more professionals today, she is not alone.
A recent report found that 40 percent of tasks are performed alone in modern offices. More than half (55 percent) of creative work is done in isolation, and nearly half (48 percent) of administrative tasks are handled solo. Only during meetings are we working together anymore, according to the report.
“I prefer to be out in public, but working by myself. Alone, but together, you know?” Julia said, looking up from her screen. Julia, who works in a downtown office, has lunch with colleagues sometimes, but often works through her break at her desk. A café escape allows her to avoid being interrupted by managers. She returns to her desk feeling refreshed. “Today, I just wanted some space for myself,” she said.
Just a few tables away, Mark, a freelance editor, is finishing his work. He likes that he can sit and check his messages in peace or talk to the café owner, whom he knows well, if he wants some interaction. “I think about what I’ve achieved and plan for the rest of the day,” he said. “It’s a chance for reflection. You return to work with a clear goal.”
The freedom to choose is one reason more people like to work alone. There was a time when people felt strange about sitting alone in a café with a laptop, but those days are gone. Now, we have our devices to keep us company. “It doesn’t feel lonely because of the technology we have today,” said a researcher who provided the data.
[QUESTIONS]
What are the statistics in paragraph 2 about?
A. Types of technology.
B. Work habits.
C. Office designs.
D. Café services.
Why does Julia prefer to work in a café?
A. To meet her colleagues.
B. To finish her office work.
C. To have some time on her own.
D. To interview the café owner.
What do we know about Mark?
A. He works for the café.
B. He is familiar with the café owner.
C. He dislikes working with others.
D. He is a manager at a tech firm.
What is the text mainly about?
A. The trend of working alone.
B. The importance of quiet cafés.
C. The stress of modern office life.
D. The benefits of new laptops.
[ANALYSIS]
28. B. Detail. The paragraph discusses percentages of people working solo, which relates to habits.
29. C. Detail. Julia says, "I just wanted some space for myself."
30. B. Detail. The text says he talks to the owner "with whom he's on a first-name basis" (mapped to "knows well").
31. A. Main Idea. The article discusses the increasing trend of individuals choosing to work solo in public spaces.