FILENAME: Reading_2021_110_AI.txt
YEAR: 2021
CAT: （新课标Ⅰ）阅读理解C模拟
TITLE: Turning Trash into Art to Save the Rivers
You probably know that plastic is a major problem for our rivers—millions of tons of waste enter water systems every year. But can one small bottle or bag really make a difference? Artist Leo Chen wants people to see that it does. He creates huge sculptures using river trash, hoping to make viewers think about their use of plastic.
Last year, the artist created a work called “Plastic River,” two giant towers of plastic bottles. Made from 150,000 bottles collected by volunteers during river cleanups, the sculpture was first shown at a major park in Shanghai.
Only a small part of the world's plastic is recycled. Plastic bottles are a huge part of the problem because they are used once and then thrown away. Each bottle in Chen's art probably held a drink for only ten minutes, but it will take hundreds of years for the plastic to break down.
In another project from 2019, Chen wanted to show a specific fact: Every minute, a large truck's worth of plastic waste is dumped into our waters. For this work, he and his team gathered 12,000 pieces of waste and arranged them to look like they were falling out of a truck.
Chen hopes his work will encourage big businesses to use less plastic in their packaging.
[OPTIONS]
28. What is the purpose of Chen’s artworks?
A. To sell recycled products.
B. To decorate city parks.
C. To draw attention to plastic pollution.
D. To organize volunteer cleanups.
Why does the author discuss plastic bottles in paragraph 3?
To explain the difficulty of their disposal.
B. To show why they are expensive.
C. To describe a new art style.
D. To help companies make more bottles.
What effect would the 2019 project have on viewers?
A. Relaxing.
B. Boring.
C. Eye-opening.
D. Humorous.
Which of the following is the best title for the text?
A. New Ways to Recycle Paper
B. Business Responsibility in Art
C. River Trash Transformed into Sculptures
D. Famous Artists in Modern Cities
[ANALYSIS]
The text describes an artist's use of plastic waste to create sculptures that raise awareness about water pollution.
28. C. Inference. The first paragraph says he wants viewers to "re-examine their relationship to single-use plastic."
29. A. Inference. The paragraph notes they are thrown away after one use and take "hundreds of years" to disappear.
30. C. Inference. The project illustrates a shocking statistic (one truck per minute), which would be "eye-opening" (mirroring "refreshing/shocking" logic).
31. C. Main idea. The text focuses on the sculptures made from river trash and the environmental message behind them.