FILENAME: Reading_2018_77_AI.txt
YEAR: 2018
CAT: （新课标ⅱ）阅读模拟
TITLE: Nature's Winter Energy
Many of us look forward to winter because it is the season when root vegetables and certain winter fruits are at their best. These colorful foods from local farms are full of nutritional value.
Of the common winter vegetables, carrots are very high in vitamin A, though sweet potatoes contain even more fiber, iron, and potassium. Dark leafy greens are particularly high in antioxidants. Winter fruits like oranges are high in vitamin C, which helps our bodies stay strong. As for pears, they are so sweet and juicy that it doesn't matter much what is in them, though they are actually a good source of fiber.
When combined with milk or other healthy liquids, frozen pieces of fruit make a great base for thick, cold smoothies and healthy "frozen yogurt." For this, choose very ripe fruit for freezing as they provide a natural sweetness. Peel the fruit and place the pieces in bags in the freezer. A small amount of fresh lime juice on the fruit will stop them from turning brown. Frozen fruit will stay good for several weeks in a cold freezer.
If you have a blender, you can simply put in the frozen fruit and some yogurt. Out comes a creamy dessert to be eaten immediately. This is a great activity for a children's party; kids love putting the fruit into the machine and watching the healthy dessert come out.
[OPTIONS]
24. What does the author seem to like about pears?
A. They contain protein.
B. They are high in vitamin A.
C. They have a pleasant taste.
D. They are rich in antioxidants.
Why is fresh lime juice used in freezing fruit?
A. To make them smell better.
B. To keep their colour.
C. To speed up their ripening.
D. To improve their nutrition.
What is “a blender” in the last paragraph?
A. A dessert.
B. A drink.
C. A container.
D. A machine.
From which is the text probably taken?
A. A biology textbook.
B. A health magazine.
C. A research paper.
D. A travel brochure.
[ANALYSIS]
24. C. Detail. The author says pears are "so sweet and juicy who cares?" implying the pleasant taste is the highlight.
25. B. Detail. The text says lime juice "will prevent them from turning brown" (keeping their color).
26. D. Context. The text refers to putting items into "the top of the machine" and using a "blender" to produce the dessert.
27. B. Inference. The focus on nutrition, healthy recipes, and food benefits is typical of a health magazine.