Question:
E 
“I didn’t hear them  call my name ,” explained  Shelley  Hennig  to Active  Teens（
AT）as she talked  about  that exciting  moment  on national  television  when  she won 
the honor  of Miss  Teen  USA  2004 . “Are you ready ?” is what  she heard . Then  she said, 
“I shook  my head  no, and then they said ‘yes’ and it was announced  again .” 
It was four days after that life changing  moment  for the seventeen -year-old high 
school  student  from  Destrehan , Louisiana ---she was still on cloud  nine. 
“I was so shocked!  I never  believed  that it could  actually  really  happen .” Present  
  in the audience （观众） that day were : her mother  and father , older  brother , her 
friends , and her dance  teacher .  
Understanding  why members  of her family  and her friends  would  be there , AT 
asked  why her dance  teacher  had traveled  so far to see her compete（比赛） . “She’s 
always  been  my role model . I’ve danced  with her since  I was six. She’s been  through  
so many  difficulties  and came  through  them  all. I’ve learned  to get over bad life’s 
experiences  and learned  how to move  on because  of her.” 
One of those  bad life’s experiences  for Shelley  happened  three  years  ago when  
her brother  Brad  was killed  in a drunk  driving  accident . He was 18. She found  writing  
helped  her get through  the rough  days. She said, “I write  a lot about  my brother . I 
write  a lot, a lot, a lot… ” 
As Miss  Louisiana  Teen , she traveled  around  the state speaking  to teens（青少
年） about  the dangers  of drinking  and driving . In her role as Miss  Teen  USA , Shelley 
will continue  to speak  to youth  about  safe driving , in addition  to many  other  things  to 
help the youth . 
When  AT asked  Miss  Teen  USA  if she had any advice  for our readers , she said, 
“Don’t let anyone  change  you. Hang  out with people  that make  you feel good  about  
yourself . That way, it is easy to be yourself .” 
56. What  do the words  “on cloud  nine” in Paragraph  2 probably  mean ? 　   　 
A. frightened        B. troubled        C. very happy        D. very angry  
57. Shelley  takes  her dance  teachers  as a role model mainly  because  she is　   　. 
A. determined       B. friendly         C. strict        D. experienced  
58. How  many  children  did the Hennigs  have  according  to the text? 　   　 
A. 1         B. 2         C. 3          D. 4 
59. What  did Shelley  often  do after she became  Miss  Louisiana  Teen ? 　   　 
A. She visited  drunken  drivers .         B. She gave  dance  performance . 
C. She made  speeches  on safe driving .   D. She helped  other  teens  with their studies . 
60. What  suggestion  does Shelley  give to the teens ? 　   　 
A. Be yourself  with the support  of friends .    B. Meet  friends  whenever  possible . 
C. Go easy on yourself  and others .          D. Have  a good  role model .


Answers:
['C', 'A', 'C', 'C', 'A']

Analysis:
56．C 词义猜测题，由第一段 "I didn't  hear them  call my name ," explained  Shelley  
  Hennig  to Active  Teens（AT）as she talked  about  that exciting  moment  on national  
television  when  she won the honor  of Miss  Teen  USA  2004．可知当提到那个时刻时
她仍然是很开心的， 故选 C．
57．A 细节理解题， 由第四段 She's  been  through  so many  difficulties  and came  
through  them  all．可知 Shelley以她的舞蹈老师为榜样是因为她很有决心，克服
了很多困难， 故选 A．
58．C 细节理解题， 由第三段中的 older  brother，第五段中的 her brother  Brad  以
及Shelley  Hennig可知她有两个兄弟，因此他家一共有三个孩子， 故选 C．
59．C 细节理解题， 由第六段中 As Miss  Louisiana  Teen，she traveled  around  the 
state speaking  to teens（青少年）  about  the dangers  of drinking  and driving．可知在
她成为路易斯安娜小姐后经常对青少年做酒驾危险的演讲， 故选 C．
60．A 细节理解题 ，由最后一段 "Don't  let anyone  change  you．Hang  out with people  
that make  you feel good  about  yourself．That way，it is easy to be yourself ."可知
Shelley告诉青少年们不要让别人改变你，要和朋友一起度过困难， 故选 A．
