Question:
A 
My color  television  has given  me nothing  but a headache.  I was able to buy it a 
little over a year ago because  I had my relatives  give me money  for my birthday  
instead  of a lot of clothes  that wouldn’t  fit. I let a salesclerk  fool me into buying  a 
discontinued  model.  I realized  this a day late, when  I saw newspaper  advertisements  
for the set at seventy-five  dollars  less than I had paid.  The set worked  so beautifully  
when  I first got it home  that I would  keep  it on until stations  signed  off for the night.  
Fortunately,  I didn’t  got any channels  showing  all-night  movies  or I would  never  have  
gotten  to bed. 
Then  I started  developing  a problem  with the set that involved  static  (静电 ) 
noise.  For some  reason,  when  certain  shows  switched  into a commercial,  a loud noise  
would  sound  for a few seconds.  Gradually,  this noise  began  to appear  during  a show,  
and to get rid of it, I had to change  to another  channel  and then change  it back.  
Sometimes  this technique  would  not work,  and I had to pick up the set and shake  it to 
remove  the sound.  I actually  began  to build  up my arm muscles  (肌肉 ) shaking  my 
set. 
When  neither  of these  methods  removed  the static  noise,  I would  sit helplessly  
and wait for the noise  to go away.  At last I ended  up hitting  the set with my fist, and it 
stopped  working  altogether.  My trip to the repair  shop  cost me $62, and the set is 
working  well now,  but I keep  expecting  more  trouble.  
21. Why  did the author  say he was fooled  into buying  the TV set? 
A. He got an older  model  than he had expected.  
B. He couldn’t  return  it when  it was broken.  
C. He could  have  bought  it at a lower  price.  
  D. He failed  to find any movie  shows  on it. 
22. Which  of the following  can best replace  the phrase  “signed  off” in Paragraph  1? 
A. ended  all their programs .       B. provided  fewer  channels . 
C. changed  to commercials .       D. showed  all-night  movies . 
23. How  did the author  finally  get his TV set working  again?  
A. By shaking  and hitting  it.      B. By turning  it on and off. 
C. By switching  channels.         D. By having  it repaired.  
24. How  does the another  sound  when  telling  the story  ? 
A. Curious       B. Anxious        C. Cautious        D. Humorous


Answers:
['C', 'A', 'D', 'D']

Analysis:
21. C 细节推理题 . 根据第一段 . "I realized  this a day late, when  I saw newspaper  
advertisements  for the set at seventy -five dollars  less than I had paid"当我看到这种
电视的报纸广告上是 75美元，要比我买的便宜时，我意识到我上当了 . 答案 C 
  他本来能以更低的价格买到它 . 故选 C.
22. A 词义推测题 . 根据后一句 "Fortunately , I didn’t got any channels  showing  
all-night  movies  or I would  never  have  gotten  to bed.（"幸好，我没有发现哪个频道
是放一整晚影片的，否则，我会一夜不睡觉 . ）可知，应该是 "我常把它开到晚
上节目结束 "，所以 "signed  off"应该是 "停止播放 "的意思，也就是没有节目了 . 故
选A.
23. D 细节理解题 . 根据文章最后一段 "My trip to the repair  shop  cost me $62, and 
the set is working  well now."我去修理厂花费了 62美元，现在电视修好了 . 故选
D.
24. D 推理判断题 . 根据 "I had to pick up the set and shake  it to remove  the sound . I 
actually  began  to build  up my arm muscles（肌肉）shaking  my set."为了去掉这种声
音，我只好搬起电视来回晃动 . 实际上，晃电视的同时，我还锻炼了胳膊上的肌
肉. "可知作者语调幽默 . 故选 D.
