FILENAME: 7of5_2021_22_AI.txt
YEAR: 2021
CAT: （新课标Ⅰ）七选五模拟
TITLE: Being Engaging at a Networking Event
According to experts, it is not difficult to make yourself interesting at a professional networking event.
36, especially if you are out of your comfort zone or attending an event for the first time. So the main thing is just to show up and be active, trying different conversations and talking to people you do not know.
People love to talk about their own work. If you can start a conversation with a question other than "What is your job?", you will be able to get a much more interesting talk out of whoever you are speaking to. 37, it can lead to stories like "I had a very long commute today" or "I met some very interesting people on the train." It simply opens up the conversation.
38? If you cannot stop them from talking, you should try to change the focus. If you are the organizer, you can ask them to help you with a small task to move them away from the group. 39.
And what about that other event killer: awkward silence? If you face a quiet moment, the best way to get people talking again is to give the host or organizer a compliment. 40. Just turn and say, "This event is very well organized, and I would love to hear how you planned it."
[OPTIONS]
A. How do you know the organizer
B. The first step is to be curious
C. If you ask the question "How was your journey here?"
D. Be prepared to have difficult talks with strangers
E. Or move the talk to a topic where they have less to say
F. What about that person who talks too much and will not stop
G. He or she is the person who feels the silence the most
[ANALYSIS]
36. B The text says "show up and be adventurous" (active). B ("The first step is to go exploring/be curious") sets the stage for this behavior.
37. C The text mentions a question that leads to stories about a "vehicle" or "bus" (commute/train). C provides that specific question: "How did you get here?" (How was your journey?).
38. F The paragraph gives advice on how to handle someone who "won't stop talking". F introduces this problem.
39. E The text suggests removing the person from the situation. E provides another strategy: changing the topic to something they know less about.
40. G The text suggests praising the host to break the silence. G explains why: the host is the one who feels the "weight of that awkwardness" (silence) the most.